
发出假警报 cry wolf
如果你常喊狼来了，人们便不会再相信你需要帮助。 If you cry wolf too often, people will stop believing that you need help.

独特之处，另类的一面 freak flag
我的高中语文老师告诉我，要永远遵从自己的内心，骄傲地展现出自己另类的一面。 My high school lituration teacher taught me to always be true to myself and to wear my freak flag proudly.

失控 get out of hand
聚会失去了控制，宾客们开始相互扔瓶子。 The party got out of hand and the guests started throw bottles at each other.

明白，搞清楚 get your head around it
难以置信乔要离开我们了。 I just can't get my head around the fact that Joe is leaving us.

坚持立场 dig in your heels/ stick to your guns
父母想让我放弃写作，但我坚持下来了，终于成为著名的作家。 My parents wanted me to give up writing, but I dug in my heels/ stuck to my guns and went on to become a famous writer.

徘徊于街头找工作 pound the pavement
我在街上转了好几个月，终于找到一份快餐店的工作。 I've been pounding the pavement for months before I found a job in a fast food restaurant.

使出奇招 pull a rabbit out of a hat
我以为我们就快要破产了，谁知我的合伙人使出奇招，帮我们拉来了一个大单子。 I thought we were going bankrupt, but my partner pulled a rabbit out of his hat and we landed a majo contract.

生病，觉得不舒服 feel under the weather
我觉得有点不舒服，可能是感冒了。 I'm feeling under the weather-I think I've caught a cold.

高兴极了 tickled pink
能收到邀请我真是开心死了。 I was tickled pink to be invited.

侥幸成功，勉强做成 by the skin of your teeth
我没怎么学，但侥幸过了，离挂科只差一点点。 I hadn't studied much, but passed the test by the skin of my teeth.

（开心或焦虑时食用的）安慰食品，开心食品 comfort food
脂肪和糖类是安慰食品额两大支柱。 Fat and sugar-the twin pillars of the best comfort food.

使（某人）大为惊讶；令（某人）非常高兴 blow sb away
结局会令你无比惊喜。 The ending will blow you away.

骗人，蒙人，放烟雾弹 blow smoke
我没骗你，我真的度过托尔斯泰的战争与和平。 I'm not blowing smoke. I have honestly read War and Peace by Tolstoy.

（表示强调）一点也不在乎 couldn't care less
那人从商店里偷了一瓶葡萄酒。 That man stole a bottle of wine from the shop.
是吗？我一点也不在乎。 Oh, really? I couldn't care less.

高兴，兴奋 chuffed to bits
谢谢你的礼物，我很喜欢。 Hey, thanks for the present! I'm chuffed to bits.

值得追求的人；宜婚对象 be a catch
John今晚要带我出去了，他是个靠谱的结婚对象，我希望他能向我求婚。 John is taking me out tonight. He's such a catch, I hope he'll propose.

非常疲惫，就快撑不住了 running on fumes
抱歉，我现在得回家，我已经快20个小时没睡了，快熬不住了。 I'm sorry, but I've got to go home now. I haven't slept for twenty hours and I'm running on fumes.

背叛，出卖 sell (sb) out
法国农场主在谈判中感到他们被政府出卖了。 French farmers feel they've been sold out by their government in the negotiations.

说服某人（做某事）sell sb (on sth)
好吧，你说服我了，我跟你一起去。 Ok, you've sold me. I'll go with you.

认为...是一丘之貉 tar sb with the same brush
由于在同一个部分工作，关系又非常密切，John被认为和Tim是一路人。 Because they worked so closely in the same department, John war tarred with the same brush.

坚持住；挺住 hang in there
到了学期中功课会变得很难，但坚持下去就会好的。 Work can get tough in the middle of a term but hang on in ther and it'll be OK.

鲁莽行动（或说话） shoot from the hip
李小姐，我必须向你道歉，我由于找不到文件而想你发火太鲁莽了。我当时太着急了，忘了是我自己把文件放在抽屉的。 Miss Lee, I have to apologize for shooting from the hip and yellng at you for losing the papers. I was in a big hurry and forget (that) I left them right here in my drawer.

很短的距离，掷石之遥 at stone's throw
小屋离海只有一箭之遥。 The cottage is just a stone's throw from the sea.

从传闻中听说；通过道听途说获悉；听小道消息知道 hear (sth) on/through the grapevine
我听到传闻他要离开了，是真的吗？ I heard on the grapevine that he was leaving-is it true?

骑墙观望；犹豫不决 sit on the fence
你不能再骑墙观望了，必须决定你支持谁。 You can't sit on the fence any longer-you have to decide whose side you're on.

对...半信半疑，对...有所怀疑 take sth with a pinch of salt
你不能完全相信她，她总是喜欢夸大其词。 You have to take everything she says with a pinch of salt, she does tend to exaggerate.

（企业或机构运转需要的）最基本的工作人员 skeleton staff
该医院周末只有必须岗位上的工作人员会上班。 The hospital has a skeleton staff at weekends.

十三 baker's dozen
当我们14个人有13个鸡蛋，怎么能分得均呢？ We had a baker's dozen of eggs for fourteen of us at the time. How could we even them out?

随它去，不去管结果了 let the chips fall where they may
决定冒险投资，不去管结果了。 Kathy decided to risk her money on the investment and let the chips fall where they may.

不费脑筋之事；容易处理的问题 no-brainer
最后那道测试题丝毫不费脑筋。 That last test question was a complete no-brainer.

学习，做功课 hit the books
我今晚不能出门，我得做功课。 I can't go out tonight, I've got to hit the books.

承担力所能及的事；不自量力 bite off more than you can chew
克林顿承认“我们最初的以聊改革计划超出.” Clinton conceded, "We bite off more than we could chew in our original health care reform proposals."

永无可能；绝不可能 when pigs fly
你不打算买那套房了吗？ Aren't you going to buy that house?
除非猪会飞吧，太贵了，我肯定买不起了。 I will when pigs fly. It's just so expensive, I don't think it'll happen.

气疯了；乐呆了；吓坏了 freak out
得知自己被录用后，他乐坏了。 He freaked out when he heard he'd got the job.

非常容易的事 piece of cake
考试很简单。 The exam was a piece of cake.

不吐不快，不做不爽 get tout of your system
我不确定她会作何反应，但我真的不想再憋了。我告诉他，我喜欢上了另一个女人。 I wasn't sure how she was going to react, but I had to get it tout of my system. So I told her I had found another woman.

有更好的表现 step up your game
如果你想赢得这场比赛，你必须有更好的表现。 If you want to win this competition, you'll have to step up your game.

你真棒 you rock
Rob，谢谢你提供的票，你可真厉害！ Thanks for the tickets, Rob. You rock!


给某人方便；对某人网开一面 cut sb some slack
Andrew又迟到了。 Andrew's late again.
对他就网开一面吧，他妻子刚生完小孩。 Cut him some slack - his wife's just had a baby.

开始互相攻击 come out swinging
休息了一天之后，特朗普和希拉里又开始了为期一周的艰苦竞选旅程，两人又开始互掐。 After a day off, Hillary and Trump this morning again launched another hard week of campaigning and they both came out swinging.

毁于一旦；受到重创 go up in flames
他因为偷窃坐牢后事业受到了重创。 His career went up in flames when he was jailed of theft.

说中要害，说到点子上 hit the nail on the head
Mick说这家公司缺乏的是一种自信，我认为他说到点子上了。 I think Mick hit the nail on the head when he said that what's lacking from his company is a feeling of confidence.

花了一大笔钱 cost an arm an a leg
这双鞋花了我一大笔钱。 These shoes cost me an arm and a leg.

（因行动慢而）错过机会，错失良机 miss the boat
上周还有些票，但他一直等到今天才去买，错过了机会。 There were tickets available last week, but he missed the boat by waiting till today to try to buy some.

付出比别人期望中还要大的努力 go the extra mile
他是个好人，帮助朋友从不怕麻烦。 He's nice guy, always ready to go the extra mile for his friends.

行就行，不行就滚 shape up or ship up
这是我最后一次跟你说：别再迟到了。你要是再迟到就卷铺盖走人吧。 This is the last time I'm telling you to arrive on time Shape up or ship out.

以貌取人 judge a book by its cover
我不喜欢咱们的新邻居，他们看起来怪怪的。 I don't like our new neighbours very much, they're quite strange.
不要以貌取人。我觉得他们虽然看起来有点怪，但性格很好。 You shouldn't judge a book by its cover. I think they're just a bit quirky but really nice!

恢复镇定，控制自己 pull yourself together
我知道你这一天过得很糟，但你一定要振作起来，工作还得继续，不是吗？ I understand you've had a bad day, but pull yourself together and get on with your job, will you?

关键时刻 crunch time
我最近睡眠不够，正赶上工作的关键时刻。 I'm not getting enough sleep these days. It's crunch time at work.

少有的 once in a blue moon
我的姐姐住在阿拉斯加，我很少能看到她。 My sister live in Alaska, so I only see her once in a blue moon.

想方设法，千方百计 leave no stone unturned
我会想尽一切办法，找出此事背后的那个人。 I'll leave no stone unturned until I find out who did this.

控告/谴责某人某事 accuse sb. of sth.
她谴责我毒害她的狗。 She accused me of poisoning her dog.

赞同一个人，观点或政策 agree with a person, opinion or policy
我完全赞同你。 I entirely agree with you.
他不赞同他们的销售策略。 He didn't agree with their sales policy.

就讨论的主题达成一致 agree about a subject of discussion
我们多数事件看法相同。 We agree about most things.

就决定的问题达成一致 agree on a matter for decision
让我们试着商定一个日期。 Let's try to agree on a date.

同意一项建议 agree to a suggestion
如果你降价我会同意你的建议。 I'll agree to your suggestion if you lower the price.

因为某人做某事而生气 angry with/at a person for doing sth.
要我因为她对我撒谎而生气。 I am angry with her for lying to me.

对某事生气 angry about something
你怎么这么生气？ What are you so angry about?

为...担心 anxious about = worried about
我开始为钱发愁了。 I am getting anxious about money.

为...而焦虑 anxious for = eager to have
我们都为这种误解导致的结局而焦虑。 We are all anxious for an end to this misunderstanding.

急于... anxious + 不定式 = eager, wanting
她急于找到一份工作。 She's anxious to find a job.

为某事向某人道歉 apologise to sb for sth.
我认为我们应该向斯密斯家族道歉。 I think we should apologise to the Smiths.
我必须为打扰到你道歉。 I must apologise for disturbing you.

到达某地 arrive at or in
我们什么时候到达伦敦？ What time do we arrive at London?
你什么时候到英格兰的？ When did you arrive in England?

请某人讲某事 ask somebody to tell something.
请询问价格。 Please ask the price.
不要问我我的名字。 Don't ask me my name.

ask 当讨论买卖的具体数额时，ask后不加for
他们正在要求500美元一个月的房租。 They are asking $500 a month rent.

找某人要某事 ask for = ask sb. to giving sth.
别找我要钱。 Don't ask me for money.

对...不擅长 bad at
我不擅长网球。 I am not bad at tennis.

相信某人或某事 believe a person or something that is said = accept as truthful
别相信她。 Don't believe her.
我不相信她说的每个字。 I don't believe a word she says.

相信上帝、圣诞老人等 believe in God, Father Christmas etc.=believe that ... exists;trust
我相信人死后还是由生命的。 I believe in life after death.
如果你相信我，我可以做任何事。 If you believe in me I can do anything.

应放入... belong in/on sth = go, fit, have its place in/on
那些玻璃杯应该放在最上面的架子上。 Those glasses belong on the top of shelf.

属于... belong to = be a member of
我参加了一个当地的体育俱乐部。 I belong to a local athletics club.

擅长 clever at
我不擅长烹饪。 I am not clever at cooking.

对某事祝贺 congratulate/congratulations on something
祝贺你找到新工作。 Congratulations on your new job.
我必须祝贺你的考试成绩。 I have to congratulate you on your exam results.

祝贺...做了某事 congratulate/congratulations on/for doing something
他祝贺该队伍赢得了所有的比赛。 He congratulated the team on/for having won all their games.

闯入，撞到...上 crash into
我撞到了前面那辆车。 I crashed into the car in front.

依赖于... depend/dependent on; independent of
我们也许踢足球——这取决于天气。 We may play football-it depends on the weather.

...的细节 details of
现在就写信了解我们的特价详情。 Write now for details of our special offer.

死于...；因...而死 die for or from
在1919年很多人死于流感。 Lots of people died of flu in 1919.
事故发生一周之后，他因伤去世。 A week after the accident he died from his injuries.

某事有困难；做某事困难 difficulty with something, (in) doing something
我的旅行安排有困难。 I am having difficulty with my travel arrangements.
你在认识意大利人这方面不会有太大的困难。 You won't have much difficulty (in) getting to know people in Italy.

对...失望 disappointed with/at/about something
我的父亲对我失望。 My father was disappointed with me.
你肯定对你的考试成绩很失望。 You must be pretty disappointed with/at/about your exam results.

一个关于...的讨论 (a) discussion about something
我们关于政治有有一个很长的讨论。 We had a long discussion about politics.

讨论某事 (to) discuss something
我们最好讨论你的旅行计划。 We'd better discuss your travel plan.

把...分成 divide into
这本书分成三部分。 The book is divided into three parts.

梦想着... dream of = think of,imagine
当我年轻的时候，我经常梦想着成名。 I often dream of being famous when I was younger.

梦到... dream about/of (while sleep)
如果你梦到山那意味着什么？ What does it mean if you dream about/of mountains?

穿着... dress(ed) in
谁是穿着绿色衣服的女士？ Who's the woman dressed in green?

开进...，撞入... drive into
Granny昨天撞上了一棵树。 Granny drove into a tree yesterday.

订约；就...达成完全一致 enter into an agreement, a discussion etc
我们与Carsons有限公司签订了一项协议。 We've entered into an agreement with Carsons Ltd.

进入某地 enter a place
当我进入房间的时候每个人停止了讲话。 When I entered the room everybody stop talking.

...的例子 example of
雪梨酒是加强葡萄酒的一个例子。 Sherry is an example of fortified wine.

向某人解释某事 explain something to somebody
你能向我解释这个规则吗？ Could you explain this rule to me?

与...作斗争 fight, struggle etc with
我过去两周一直在和税务局争论。 I've spent the last two weeks fighting with the tax office.

上车下车 get in(to) and out of a car, taxi or small boat
当我进入我的车使，我发现广播被人偷了。 When I got into my car, I found the radio had been stolen.

上下火车，飞机，巴士，船，摩托车或马 go on(to) and off a train, plane, bus, ship, (motor)bike or horse
我们将在十分钟内下火车。 We'll be getting off the train in ten minutes.

擅长... good at
我擅长网球。 I am good at tennis.

做某事的想法 [the] idea of ~ing
我还不喜欢结婚的想法。 I don't like the idea of getting married yet.

生...病；患有某种病 ill with
老板这周得了流感。 The boss has been ill with flu this week.

...给人留下了深刻印象 impressed with/by
你的工作给我留下了深刻印象。 I'm impressed with/by your work.

增加活动，输出等 increase in activity, output etc
想要/希望看到生产率的大幅增长。 I'd like to see a big increase in productivity.

独立于... independent. independence of or from
我可以不依赖于我的父母。 I can be independent of my parents.
印度什么时候从英国独立出来的？ When didi India get its independence from Britain?

坚持 insist on
佐治亚的父亲坚持要付钱。 George's father insisted on paying.

对...感兴趣 interest/interested in
你是什么时候开始对福利救济工作感兴趣的? When did your interest in social work begin?
我对语法不感兴趣。 I'm not interested in grammar.

对做某事感兴趣 interested to do something
（对所学事物的反应 reactions to things one learns）
看到Alice和Jake一起出去我很感兴趣。 I'm interested to see that Alice and Jake are going out together.

有兴趣做某事 interested in doing something
（想要做某事 a wish to do something）
我有兴趣在英国工作。 I'm interested in working in the UK.
（希望查明某事 a wish to find out something）
你不想知道我是否怀孕了吗？ Aren't you interested in knowing/to know whether I'm pregnant?

对...友好 kind to
人们总是对我友好。 People have always been kind to me.

缺乏... lack of
缺时间阻止我写作。 Lack of time prevented me from writing.

缺乏 [to] lack
你的母亲缺乏机智。 Your mother lacks tact.

缺乏... [to] be lacking in...
她一直缺乏机智。 She is lacking in tact.

嘲笑... laugh at
我讨厌被人嘲笑。 I hate being laughed at.

嘲笑 laugh about
我们将嘲笑这个一整天。 We'll laugh about this one day.

谈论离开的动作 talking about the action of leaving
我i很早就离开了伦敦，在交通变得特别堵之前。 I left London early, before the traffic got too heavy.

从...离开 leave from some where
（谈论地点 talking about the place）
飞机是从利物浦还是曼彻斯特起飞？ Does the plane leave from Liverpool or Manchester?

听（从）... listen to
如果你不听从人们的声音，他们也将不会听你的。 If you don't listen to people, they won't listen to you.

看...；考虑；着眼于... look at
不要像那样看着我。 Stop looking at me like that.

照顾 look after
感谢你当我生病的时候照顾我。 Thanks for looking after me when I was ill.

寻求/找寻... look for = try to find
你能帮我找找我的钥匙吗？ Can you help me look for my keys?

由...组成 made of
某物是由一种特殊材料组成。 Something is made of a particular material.
所有外部的家具都是由木材组成。 All out furniture is made of wood.

由...制作而成 made from
（一种材料被改变成一种完全不同的形式去制作某物 a material is changed into a completely different form to mak something）
纸由木材制作而成。 Paper is made from wood.

由...制成 （工业制造过程） made out of (the process of manufacture)
他用橡木做了所有的框架。 He made all the frames out of oak.

用...做出；产出 make with
（提到几种材料中的一种 to mention one of several materials）
我用许多咖喱做了这道汤。 I make the soup with lots of garlic.

结婚 marriage to; get/be married to
她与菲利普的婚姻没有持续很长时间。 Her marriage to Philip didn't last very long.

嫁给某人；娶某人 marry (to) somebody
她没有嫁给她的青梅竹马。 She didn't marry to her childhood sweetheart.

对某人友好 nice (to) sb
你昨晚对我不友好呢。 You weren't nice to me last night.

给病人做手术 operate on a patient
昨晚他们给她做了手术。 They operated on her yesterday evening.

为已经买了的东西付钱 pay for something that is bought.
（不是付出一些代价 Not pay something）
我还没给我的饮料付钱。 I haven't paid for my drink.

对某人感到满意 pleased with somebody
老板对你非常满意。 The boss is very pleased with you.

对某事感到满意 pleased with/about/at something
我对我的考试成绩不是很满意。 I wasn't very pleased with/about/at my exam results.

对某人礼貌 polite to
试着对理查德叔叔礼貌一点。 Try to be polite to uncle Richard for once.

阻止某人做某事 prevent ... from ~ing
从楼下传来的噪音阻止我睡眠。 The noise from downstairs prevented me from sleeping.

...的证明 proof of
我想要你爱的证明。 I want proof of your love.

... 的原因 reason for
没人知道事故的原因。 Nobody knows the reason for the accident.

...的责任 responsible/responsibility for
这周谁负责采购的？ Who's responsible for the shopping this week?

对...粗鲁 rude to
上周佩奇对我的家人非常粗鲁。 Peggy was pretty rude to my family last weekend.

偶然遇见 run into=meet
我在Piccadilly车站遇见了菲利普。 I ran into Philip at Piccadilly station.

搜索 search = look through, look everywhere in/on
他们搜了每个人的行李。 They searched everybody's luggage.

寻找 search for = look for
海关正在机场搜索毒品。 The customs were searching for drugs at the airport.

被...震惊到 shocked at/by
我被皮特的事故严重震惊到。 I was terribly shocked at/by the news of Peter's accident.

朝某人大喊大叫 shout at
如果你不停止对我咆哮，我将以牙还牙。 If you don't stop shouting at me I'll come and hit you.

对...大喊 shout to=call to
玛丽对我们大喊叫我加入游泳。 Mary shouted to us to come in and swim.

对...微笑 smile at
如果你对我像那样微笑的话我将给你任何你想要的东西。 If you smile at me like that I'll give you anything you want.

对已发生的某事感到很抱歉 sorry about something that has happened
我对你的考试成绩感到很抱歉。 I'm sorry about your exam results.

对某人已经做过的某事感到很抱歉 sorry about/for something one has done
我对打坏了你的窗户感到很抱歉。 I'm sorry for/about breaking your window.

对某人感到抱歉 sorry for a person
我对她的小孩真的感到很抱歉。 I feel really sorry for her children.

和...谈一谈 speak to; speak with
我能和你的父亲谈谈吗？ Could I speak to/with your father for a moment?

遭受...；患...病 suffer from
我的妻子得了肝炎。 My wife is suffering from hepatitis.

加入... take part in
我不想要参加任何会议。 I don't want to take part in any more conferences.

考虑... think of/about
我正在考虑学习医药。 I'm thinking of studying medicine.

...的想法 the thought of
我讨厌回去工作的想法。 I hate the thought of going back to work.

向...投掷... throw ... at
停止向车辆投掷石头。 Stop throwing stones at the cars.

把...投向... throw... to
如果你得到了球，就把它扔给我。 If you get the ball, throw it to me.

把...翻译成... translate into
你能将这个翻译成希腊语给我吗？ Could you translate this into Greek for me?

把...绊倒 trip over
他绊倒猫并跌下楼。 He tripped over the cat and fell downstairs.

是...的典型特征 typical of
这种红酒是这个地区的红酒。 The wine is typical of the region.

...出故障 wrong with
Rachel出什么事了？ What's wrong with Rachel?


