如何回答benefit/advantage?

Yes,I do; No, I don't 之外的其它情况

用来表示“当然，那是自然，这是肯定的”之类的意思
Sure
That's for sure
Absolutely(not)
Definitely(not)
Certainly(not)
No doubt about it

“未必，不一定”
Not necessarily
表示你要说的话可能和考官的期望不同或相反
Well, actually,...
Well, obviously,...
Well, honestly,...
Well, to tell you the truth...
Um, to be honest,...
As a matter of fact,...

Yes, I do; No, I don't 之外的其它情况
表示你对考官所问的内容不是很清楚，但是你觉得是这样
Well, I'm not really sure, but I guess so, cos...
Every dog can be successful
表示你认为有几个可能的因为，而非一个
Well, it really depends.

表示因人而异
Well, it obviously varies from person to person.

表示“这个很难说的啦”
Well, it's difficult to say, cos...

表示“不完全是”
Not really/exactly.

表示“不是很多（频率），或者不是很喜欢（程度）”
Not much.

除了I like...;I don't like 你还会说什么？
Basketball is my biggest passion in life.
Lots of children and teenagers are obsessed with/addicted to/hooked on computer games.
I'm crazy/mad about LV bags.
I'm huge/great fan of him.
I absolutely adore you.
I absolutely love Sichuan food.
I'm into Korean songs. I'm so into you.
Unlike most girls, I'm not very much into shopping.
I'm not a big fan of photography.
I dislike anything that's oily and spicy.
Dancing is just not my thing.
I really hate travelling by train.
I can't stand the smell of it.

如何回答how often?
I use the brand all the time.
He complains all the time.
I eat it almost every day.
I go shopping whenever I want.
I dine out a lot.
I don't go to the cinema very often.
I only go to the cinema once in a while.
I rarely borrow money from my friends.
It rarely rains here in summer.
I hardly ever go to the restaurant/go to the cybercafe.
I never drink or smoke.


如何回答Why or why not?
I like it mainly because it's a great to relax.
I like the major simply because it's my interest.
Well, there are a variety of reasons. First, I've been interested in it since I was a child and it's always been my dream to be....Second, I think it suits my personality. You see, I'm extroverted and I love meeting new people. That's exactly what the job requires.
You see, everyone wants to have a car. I think one reason is that a car does make life easier and gives you more freedom. Another reason is that an expensive car is a status symbol, so rich people use it to show off their wealth.
I think the primary/main reason is that our university education focuses too much exams and too little on practical skills.
It's primarily because we are selfish and short-sighted.
It's mainly due to our selfishness and short-sightedness.
It's mainly due to the fact that people today are under heavy pressure from work and life, especially financial pressure.
It's the result of a long-time sedentary lifestyle.
Well, it may be because they're not happy about the pay.
It may be because they're too busy or too tired to cook at home, you know, modern life is really stressful.
I'm not sure, but I guess one possible reason is that they rush into marriage and after a while they find that they are not actually right for each other.
I don't like cycling, For one thing, when I cycle along the road, I have to breathe the dirty air. For another, cycling is dangerous coz there's so much traffic on the road.


如何回答benefit/advantage?
Point: 省钱
It's economical.
It doesn't cost much./ It costs much less.
It's inexpensive.
It's money-saving.
It saves (you) lots of money.

Point: 对身体好
It's a great way to keep fit/boost your fitness.
It's marvelous exercise.
It's got great physical benefits.
It's beneficial for health.
It's really healthy/wholesome.
It's really nutritious.

Point: 有用
It's really skillful.

Point: 环保
It's eco-friendly/environment-friendly.
It does no harm to the environment.
It's harmless to the environment.
It doesn't pollute/contaminate the environment.

Point: 放松，减压
It's a marvelous way to release/relieve stress.
It's a great stress reducer/stress killer.
It's a great way to let off steam.
It's a perfect way to wind down after a hard day at school/work.
It helps me to wind down.
It's wonderful relaxation.
It's really relaxing.

Point: 增进亲情
It's a wonderful family activity.
It helps to strengthen family bonds.
It allows me to spend more time with my family.



表示对未来的计划：在第三部分的对未来期望的题型中，考生经常被问到你对未来的打算，考生可以尽量联系到自己的真实生活。
I have every intention of ...
If I am not successful, that is, if something goes wrong, I think I will probably...
I feel inclined to...
I don't know if I will, but I might be able to...

回答考官就某事征求你的意见：考生可以以It seems that这样的句子作为开头，然后较赏自己的想要阐述的观点，更加直接地表明考生的立场是客观中立的，考虑问题也会比较全面。
It seems to me (that)...
What I reckon is...
I'd like to point out that...

表示对某事或某人的喜欢
I don't think I've seen anything I like better. *** is a marvelous way of spending a day off.
There's nothing I enjoy more than...
I'm very keen on...
表示对某事尤其热衷
There is no words to express how much I like it.

描述某物：在需要解释或描述某事物的时候，考生们可以用以it's...或there is...为开头的句型。
It has many features.
It is red colored with a steep roof.
It's a 3-room apartment, and it's about 80 square meters.

会议过去发生的事
I can still remember the time when I passed my entrance examinations.
I will never forget when I first went to...
Once, when I was a college student, I went on a trip which I will never forget.

表达感情：当考生们需要给自己的论点加上论据和细节的时候，表达自己当时的内心情绪就是一个很好的方法，比如这件事或这个人留下什么样的印象，让你有怎样的心情。
I felt so happy that I could jump for joy.
I felt like I was in heaven.
It impressed me deeply.
一般在表达个人情感的时候多会用I feel like...或是It makes me...这类的句型。

描述流程：这种情况更多的是出现在当考生们需要给自己的论点加上些细节的描述，有层次感。
The first thing you should do/need to do is to plug it in.
The first step is to get the ingredients prepared.
After that, you should press the button.
The last thing you need to do is turn off the stove.

谈论变化：当考生需要谈论自己对于某些社会现象的观点时，进行对比是很好的方法，那么当谈到这些从过去到现在的变化的时候，就可以运用到这样的句型
The environmental problem is getting more serious.
There has been a rapid increase of farmers moving to the cities.

解释原因：这个句型在雅口第二部分卡片题中应该算是最实用的了。当考官根据卡片上的内容对考生进行描述性话题的提问时，考生可以用以上的句型作为说理部分的开头。
In my opinion, there are three ways of looking at it. First of all...
I can come up with three reasons for the...
在说的时候，考生也可以多注意连接词的运用，包括firstly, secondly, in conclude这样的词可以让考生在自述的时候暗示自己说的顺序和时间，内容更有层次。

评价：当考生需要对某件事或观点进行评价和总结的时候，这种句型就要多背起来
... play an important role in our lives.
Friendship is something we all take seriously.







