occur 替换 think of
突然我知道有人已经闯入了我的房子。
Suddenly I had an idea that someone had broken into my house.
--> An idea occurred to me that someone had broken into my house.
--> It occurred to me that someone had broken into my house.

devote 替换 spend
他把他所有的空闲时间花费于阅读上。
He spends all his spare time in reading.
--> He devotes all his spare time to reading.

seek 替换 want/look for
他们想要隐藏自己。
They sought (wanted) to hide themselves.

average 替换 ordinary
我是一个平凡的学生。
I'm an average (ordinary) students.

but 替换 very
我们昨天晚上看的这部电影非常有趣。
The film we saw last night was very interesting.
--> The film we saw last night was nothing but interesting.
--> The film we saw last night was anything but boring.

seat 替换 sit
在他去学校的路上，他发现一位年老的女士在路边坐着，看上去忧心忡忡。
On his way to school, he found an old lady seated (sitting) by the road, looking worried.

suppose 替换 should
他本应该把车开得更慢一些。
He is supposed to (should) have driven more slowly.

appreciate 替换 thank
非常感谢你的帮助。
Thank you very much for your help.
--> We appreciate your help very much.
--> Your help is much appreciated.

the case 替换 true
我认为这不是真的。
I don't think it is the case(true).

on 替换 as soon as
他一到，他就开始他的研究。
As soon as he arrived, he began his research.
--> On his arrival, he began his research.

due to 替换 because of
他晚到由于这场暴风雨。
He arrived late due to(because of) the storm.

cover 替换 walk/read
70英里步行之后，我们都感到精疲力竭。
After covering(walking) 70 miles, we all felt tired.

contribute to 替换 be helpful/useful
大量的记忆量无疑将有助于英语学习。
Plenty of memory work is undoubtedly helpful to English study.
--> Plenty of memory work will undoubtedly contribute to English study.

round the corner 替换 coming soon/nearby
暑假就要开始了。你有什么计划/安排吗？
The summer vacation is round the corner(coming). Do you have any plans?
李明在附近的一所学校学习。
Li Ming studies in a school round the corner(nearby).

come to light 替换 discover
这家人感到非常高兴当他们发现了丢失的珠宝。
The family were so pleased when they discovered the lost jewels.
--> The family were so pleased when the lost jewels came to light.

have a ball 替换 have a good time/enjoy oneself
在参观了工作车间之后，我们返回了学校。我们中的每个人都玩儿得很开心。
After visiting the workshop, we went back to school. Everyone of us had a ball (had a good time).

come up with 替换 think of
杰克非常聪明，他常想出新点子。
Jack is very clever, he often comes up with (thinks of) new ideas.

consist of 替换 be made up of
我们班由50名学生组成。
Our class consists of(is made up of) 50 students.

be worn out 替换 be tired/broken
在5个小时不间断工作之后，我们都精疲力竭了。
After five hours' non-stop work, we were all worn out(tired).
我的鞋子磨坏了，请给我买一双新的。
My shoes are worn out. Please buy me a new pair.

become of 替换 happen
你认为他发生了什么？
What do you think has become of(happened to) him？

the majority of 替换 most of
The majority of(Most of) the interviewees prefer watching TV at home to going to the cinema.

attend to 替换 look after
on condition that
nevertheless
express one's satisfaction with 替换 be satisfied with
spare no effort to do 替换 try one's best to do
many a 替换 many
be rushed off one's feet 替换 be busy in doing
a handful of 替换 a little/some
meanwhile 替换 at the same time
get to one's feet 替换 stand up
beneath 替换 under
occasionally 替换 sometimes/once in a while
for instance 替换 for example
seldom 替换 not often
wealthy 替换 rich
amazing 替换 surprising
as a matter of fact 替换 in fact










