自己-myself
我的兴趣很广法，包括慢跑、阅读和玩电脑游戏。 My interests are manifold, including jogging, reading and playing computer games.
闲暇时我喜欢看书。 I enjoy reading books in my leisure time.
我喜欢体育运动，特别是打羽毛球。 I'm fond of sports and especially like playing badminton.
我的业余爱好是（通过）爬山以保持健康并亲近自然。 My hobby of climbing mountains keeps me fit and close to nature.
集邮教会了我很多东西。 Collecting stamps educates me in a variety of ways.
我是一个勤奋、谦逊、热心的人。 I'm diligent, modest and kind-hearted.
我随时准备帮助哪些需要帮助的人。 I'm always ready to help people in need.
我深知自己的缺点，总是尽力克服它。 Sensible of my shortcoming, I always try to overcome it.
胆小是我的最大缺点。 Being timid is my greatest shortcoming.
我是一个喜欢与人交友的外向女孩。 I'm an outgoing girl who likes to make friends with people.
由于个性随和，我能够和我认识的多数人友好相处。 Being easy-going, I'm able to get along well with most of the people I know.
怀着对成功的强烈决心，我在学习上取得稳定的进步。 With a strong determination to succeed, I make steady progress in my studies.
阅读是我最喜欢的消遣活动。 Reading is my favorite pastime.

性格描述-characteristics
个性，人格 personality
热心的 warm-hearted
善良的 kind
好客的 hospitable
主动的，活跃的 active
适应性强的 adaptable
灵巧的，机敏的 adroit
有进取心的 aggressive
机灵的 alert
有雄心壮志的 ambitious
和蔼可亲的 amiable
友好的 amicable
善于分析的 analytical
有理解力的 apprehensive
有志气的，有抱负的 aspiring
大胆的，有冒险精神的 audacious
有能力的，有才能的 capable
办事仔细的 careful
正直的 candid
宽厚的 charitable
能胜任的 competent
有信心的confident
认真的，自觉的 conscientious
体贴的 considerate
建设性的 constructive
好沉思的 contemplative
有合作精神的 cooperative
富创造力的 creative
有一股子冲劲的，有拼搏精神的 dashing
有奉献精神的 dedicated
有献身精神的 devoted
多才多艺的 versatile
聪明伶俐的 intelligent
有责任心的 responsible
容易相处的 easy-going
精力充沛的 energetic
幽默的 humorous
乐观的optimistic
性格内向的 introvert
性格外向的 extrovert
有同情心的 caring



家庭/家人-family
我的父亲是工人阶级出身。 My father is from a working-class background.
父亲辛勤工作来养家。 My father works hard to support the family.
我的父亲是家庭的主心骨。 My father is the backbone of my family.
我父亲赚钱养家。 My father is the breadwinner of my family.
我父母都工作，所以我家是“双职工”家庭。 My family is a two-career family with both my parents working.
重大家庭事务的决策权在我妈妈的手中。 The decision power of family affairs is in the hand of my mother.
在家庭事务中我没有发言权。 I have no say in family affairs.
我妈妈掌管整个家庭。 My mother queens it over the whole family.
我们每个月举行一次家庭聚会。 We have a family gathering every month.
父母是孩子最早的老师。 Children learn their first lesson from their parents.
每当我感到挫折或伤心时，我就会回家寻求安慰。 Whenever I feel frustrated or sad, I turn to my family for comfort.
和谐的家庭对孩子的成长很重要。 A harmonious family is important for the growth of children.
家庭是社会的基本组成部分。 Family is the basic unit of society.

无条件支持 unconditional support
熟悉 familiarity
舒适，温馨 comfy and cozy
在我身边给我鼓励和支持 stand by me
不理解 lack of understanding
唠叨 naggy; nag at somebody
代沟 generation gap
四世同堂 four generations living under one roof
没有隐私 no privacy
不得安宁 no peace and quiet
爸妈无处不在 over-availability of parents
批评孩子 criticism
家教传统和风格 parenting tradition and style
好管事的 bossy
纪律严明 disciplined

对孩子方法简单粗暴的家长
宵禁 enforce curfew
不许出门 you're grounded.
要么听我的，要么滚出去 My way or the highway.
养家的人 breadwinner
共同事情 common activity
家里聚会吃饭 family dinner
开车出行 road trip
谈生活 discussion of life

不同风格家庭表达方式
小家 nuclear family
大家 extended family
国际家庭 bi-racial family
家庭关系紧密/观念强/常联系的家庭 close-knit family
家庭功能不健全，问题多多家庭 dysfunctional family

好家长的特点
时尚 生活方式新 fashion sense/fashionable/trendy
放手 hands-off
信任孩子 trusting
有所保留 reserved
行为榜样，模范 role model
善于沟通 a good communicator
幽默感 sense of humor



朋友-friends
我珍视患难中的友情。I treasured the friendship of a friend in need.
真正的朋友是在你需要肩膀依靠的时候，他总在你身边。 A true friend will always be there when you need a shoulder to lean on.
获得朋友的唯一方法是要先成为别人的朋友。 The only way to have a friend is to be one.
对我来说，友情是世界上最珍贵的财富之一。 For me, friendship is one of the most valuable possessions in the world.
中国传统认为，士为知己者死。（真正的绅士能够为朋友去死） The traditional Chinese believe that a gentleman should be able to die for his friends.
建立友谊需要双方的努力。 To build up friendship needs the efforts on both sides.
人们通常和有相似兴趣的人交朋友。 People like to make friends with those who have similar interests.
向朋友倾诉是减轻压力的一个好方式。 Pouring out troubles to friends is a good way of easing off pressure.
真正的朋友不会在你有困难的时候袖手旁观。 A true friend will not stand by when you are in trouble.
在友情里，忠诚最重要。 In friendship, loyalty may be the most important thing.
友情就像家庭一样给人带来舒适。 Friendship is a comfy situation like home.
友谊是包含信任、支持、沟通、忠诚和理解的深层（内部）关系。 Friendship is an inner relationship combining trust, support, communication, loyalty and understanding.

亲密的朋友 intimate/close friend
英俊的，慷慨的 handsome
可靠的，可信赖的 reliable
可信赖的 trustworthy
有帮助的 helpful
开始相互了解 get to know each other
与...相处得好 get on/along well with
相互认识了很长时间 know each other for a long time
与...在一起感到轻松 feel relaxed in each other's company
时光流逝，但我们的友谊依然不变 our friendship doesn't fade as time goes by.



同学-school-fellow
我经常向她倾诉我的苦恼。 I always pour my troubles to her.
我喜欢她娇嫩的皮肤。 I adore her delicate skin.
她既温柔体贴又善解人意，对我们来说像姐姐一样。 Being tender and understanding, she is like a sister to us.
我们共同度过了许多值得记忆的美好时光。 We have much memorable time together.
我们共同分担痛苦、分享喜悦。 We share our sorrow and happiness together.
我们是一丘之貉。 We are birds of a feather.
我们的友谊基础稳固。 Our friends is built upon a solid base.
我完全了解他/她。 I know him/her inside and out.
亲密的朋友就是你能将所有秘密告诉他的人。 A bosom friend is one to whom you could tell all your secrets.
她的个性与我的完全一样。 Her personality is exactly the same as mine.
他和我们班上每个人都相处得很好。 He gets along well with everyone in our class.
从幼儿园开始，我们就互相认识。 We have known each other since we were in kindergarten.



名人-celebrities
周恩来总理是我最崇拜的人。 Premier Zhou Enlai is the person I admire most.
当下，许多年轻人把电视明星当作是他们的偶像。 Nowadays, many young people consider TV stars as their role models.
这个青年女演员仅凭一部电影就获得了国际声誉。 The young actress achieves international fame with only one movie.
窥视他人的隐私，即使他们不是名人，都是不道德的行为。 It is immoral to probe into other people's privacy even if they are not famous.
我们应当在学习明星们的优点（闪光点）的同时，谨慎对待他们的缺点。 We should learn from the shinning points of the stars while being cautious against their shortcomings.
我佩服毛主席为中国人民做的一切。 I admire Chairman Mao for what he has done for the Chinese people.
他不仅在IT领域取得成功，还积极参与慈善事业。 He is not only successful in the IT field, but also active in the charity drive.
李开复写的《做最好的自己》一书在青年人中很受欢迎。 Kaifu Li has written a book named Be The Best Yourself, which is popular among young people.
他是我学习和生活中的偶像。 He is my idol both in my study and life.
我喜欢这个歌手的歌曲，特别是（这些歌曲的）歌词。 I like the songs of this singer, particularly their lyrics.
每一个人在成功之前都要经历很多失败。 Every successful man must have had a lot of failures before he becomes a star.
人人都可能成功。 Every dog can be successful.

偶像-idol
风云人物 person of the year
世界文明 world-renown
声名远播的 prestigious
臭名昭著的（国外娱乐业尤其是面对年轻人的，越坏越流行） notorious
慈善机构 charity organization
慈善事业 philanthropy
带动潮流的 trend-setting
媒体曝光率 high media exposure
充满魅力的生活 lead a glamorous life
对年轻人有正面影响 positive influence on young people
享受特权 privilege
颁奖典礼/时装发布会 award show/fashion show
人格亮点 personality highlight
才华 talent
神童 prodigy
贡献 contribution
无私 selflessness
促成改变，促成变化 make a difference



邻居-neighbours
农村里邻居之间的关系较之城市里亲密一些。 The relationship between neighbours in rural area is closer than that in cities.
我们中国人常说“远亲不如近邻”。 We Chinese always say that a near neighbour is better than a distant relative.
我的邻居经常给我们送来她做的美味食品。 My neighbour often brings over some delicious food she makes.
有时房子的另一端的嘈杂声，是我们很难入睡。 Sometimes the noise on the other side of the house makes it difficult for us to fall asleep.
邻里之间需要更多的理解。 Neighbours need more understanding between them.
我一直谨慎，不在夜晚发出大的噪音。 I am always careful not to make big noises at night.
远亲不如近邻。 A good neighbours is better than a brother in the next village.
同邻居保持良好的关系是很好的。 It's better to keep on good terms with our neighbours.
当问题出现时，邻里之间应该加强理解。 When problems occur, neighbours should try to understand each other.
好邻居应该相互帮助，相互体谅。 A good neighbour is supposed to be helpful and considerate.
我几乎每天都拜访我的邻居。 I pay visits to my neighbours almost every day.
当邻居需要帮助的时候，向他们深处援手是我们的职责。 It is our duty to give a hand to our neighbours when they need.



老人-old people
敬老是中国的传统美德。 Respecting old people is a long-standing tradition of China.
中国已经进入了老龄化社会的阶段。 China has entered the aging society period.
老年人的举止有时就跟小孩子一样。 Old people sometimes behave like children.
上了年纪的人丰富的生活阅历和智慧是一种财富。 The rich life experience and wisdom of elderly people are a treasure.
变老是一种无法避免的自然过程。 Aging is an unavoidable natural process.
在我的家庭里，老年人是受到尊敬的。 In my family old people are honored.
当人们变老，有时他们就会变得暴躁而又顽固。 When people grow old, sometimes they would turn to be irritable and stubborn.
许多年轻人忽视了他们赡养父母的责任。 Many young people neglect their duties to the old ones in the family.
几代人时间的相处要求更多的包容和理解。 Different generations shall be more understanding to each other.
在中国，老年人经常肩负起照顾婴儿的责任。 In China old people often shoulder the responsibility of taking care of the babies.
老年人把传统传承给下一辈。 Old people pass down tradition to the younger generation.
现在许多老年人甚至比年轻人更加思想开明。 Many old people today are even more open-minded than the young.



老师-teacher
老师不仅要传授知识，还要教会师德。 A teacher should teach not only knowledge but also morals.
耐心是老师必须具备的一个重要品质。 Patience is an important quality required of a teacher.
它非常忠诚于他的教育事业。 He is very much devoted to the cause of education.
他几乎把我们当作他自己的孩子。 He treats us as if we were his own children.
教师是崇高的职业。 Teaching is an honorable profession.
父母是我们的启蒙老师。 My parents are my first teachers.
学校应该营造充满新思维的氛围以吸引更多的好老师。 The school shall create a stimulating atmosphere to attract great teachers.
随着科学的发展，老师们应当提高他们的教学方法以适应现代社会的要求。 As the science develops teachers should improve their teaching methods to satisfy the requirement of the modern society.
老师应该激发学生的创造力。 Teacher should motivate students to be creative.
好的老师不仅仅是说教，而是应该鼓励。 A good teacher shall encourage rather than simply preach.
老师必须学习一些关于心理学的知识。 Teachers are required to learn something about psychology.
所有的学生应该一视同仁。 All students should be treated equally.
老师应培养和激励学生的原创力及创意性。 Teachers should cultivate and inspire originality and creativity in students.
教师对学生应该耐心。 Teachers ought to be patient with students.

人类灵魂的工程师 engineer of the human souls
教学方法 teaching methodology
试验型 experimental
勇于尝试 adventurous
（对得起良心的）工作态度认真负责的 responsible and conscientious
爱心 loving and caring
耐心 patient
培养，激励学生的原创精神和创造力 cultivate and inspire originality and creativity in students
对生活有影响 impact
尊重学生人格 respect students
价值观 value
道德观 moral
世界观 world perspective

科目-Subjects
语文 Chinese
英语 English
日语 Japanese
数学 Mathematics
理科 science
体育 gymnastics
历史 history
代数 algebra
几何 geometry
地理 geography
生物 biology
化学 chemistry
物理 physics
地球物理 physical geography
文学 literature
社会学 sociology
心理学 psychology
哲学 philosophy
工程学 engineering
机械工程学 mechanical engineering
电子工程学 electronic engineering


工作-work
规律、重复的 routine
事业 career
职业 profession/occupation
个人成功 individual success
加班 work overtime
下岗 laid off
贡献 contribute to/make contribute to
平衡 balance between
忙于 preoccupied with
升职 promotions
承受压力 under stress
跳槽 job hopping
强烈竞争 intense competition
被淘汰 be replaced
福利 benefits
猎头 head hunter
人力资源 human resource(HR)
生命的意义 meaning in life
自我价值 self-worth
在团队中 being in a team
跟老板学习 learn from your boss
和同事交朋友 become fast friend with your colleagues
为社会进步和稳定做贡献 contribute to social progress and stability
成为有能力、有价值、有用之人 become an able, worthy and useful person
赚钱过程 a bread-winning process
精神满足感 mental satisfaction

同事-colleague
与...一起合作 cooperate with
能胜任某个工作 be capable of doing sth
令人钦佩的 admirable
能力，能干 ability
智慧 wisdom
有创造力的，独创的 creative
注意团队精神 pay attention to teamwork



电影-films
动作片 action film
纪录片 documentary
武打片 kungfu film
喜剧 comedy
悲剧 tragedy
侦探片 detective film
科幻电影 science fiction (Sci-fi)
灾难片 disaster
惊悚片 thriller
恐怖片 horror film
西部片 western
音乐片 musical
动画片 cartoon
言情片 romance/love story
人物传记 biographies
自传 auto biography
侦探/推理片 mystery
男/女主演 main actor/actress
男主角/女主角 hero/heroine
导演 director
演技 acting
情节 plot
大场面 big scene
秀丽的景色 splendid landscape
引人入胜 intriguing
令人着迷的 fascinating
极好的 terrific
令人轻松的 relaxing
圆满结局 happy ending
感人的 touching
令人感动的 moving
悲剧结局 tragic ending



购物-shopping
超市 supermarket
连锁商店 chain store
百货商店 department store
早8点到晚10点开放 be open from 8 am to 10 pm
位于 be located in/at
便利的，方便的 convenient
优质的服务 excellent service
友好的 friendly
售货员 shop assistants
化妆品 cosmetics
新鲜的水果和蔬菜 fresh fruits and vegetables
国内外的产品 domestic and foreign products
名牌服装 clothes of famous brands
从来不拥挤 never feel crowded
停车场 parking lot
买日用品，例如... buy/purchase some daily necessities, such as
如果你批量购买，他们就会免费送货上门 If you buy a large quantity, they deliver the goods free to your home
公道的价格 reasonable price
降价 on sale
打9折 off 10%
折扣 discount
促销 promotions
赠送礼品 have giveaway presents
对顾客们来说，这是个购物的理想场所 For customers, it is an ideal place for shopping.



体育-sports
是我们健康 make us fit
给我们带来无数的快乐 give us a great deal of fun/enjoyment
好好锻炼 get good exercise
有利于我们的身体健康 be beneficial to our physical health
教会我们学会与他人合作 teach us to cooperate with others
集体合作 teamwork
体育馆；体操 gym
体操；体育 gymnastics
室内体育馆 indoor stadium
游泳（狗刨/蛙泳/蝶泳/仰泳/自由泳） swimming(dog-paddle/breast stroke/butterfly/back stroke/free style)
羽毛球 badminton
球拍 racket
羽毛球 shuttlecock
棒球 baseball
武术 martial art
功夫 Kungfu
登山 mountaineering
慢跑 go jogging
室内运动 indoor games
下中国象棋 play Chinese chess
桥牌 bridge
健康/不健康 be in good/poor health
节食 be on a diet
素食主义者 vegetarian
早起的人 an early riser
晨练 do morning exercises
散步 take a walk
饭后闲逛 stroll after dinner
伸展身体 stretch oneself



节日 - festivals
元旦（农历一月一号） New Year's Day
除夕（大年三十） Spring Festival's Eve
春节 Spring Festival/Chinese New Year
元宵节 （农历一月十五） Lantern Festival
情人节（2月14日） Valentine's Day
劳动节（5月1日） Labor Day
儿童节（6月1日） Children's Day
端午节（农历五月初五） Dragon Boat Festival
中秋节（农历八月十五） Mid-Autumn Festival
国庆节（10月1号） National Day
平安夜（12月24号） Christmas Eve
圣诞节（12月25号） Christmas
农历初一 First day of our Chinese lunar calendar
过除夕 celebrate the Eve of Spring Festival
与家人团聚 get together with family members
包饺子 make dumplings
放爆竹 set/light firecrackers
气氛 atmosphere
多数人喜欢这个节日 most people cherish this festival
中秋节是一家人团聚的日子 Mid-Autumn Festival is a day of family reunion.
中国人高度重视家庭关系 The Chinese highly value the strong family ties.
农历八月十五 On the 15th of August according to Chinese lunar calendar.



餐厅-restaurant
从我们家走不远就到了 the walking distance of my home
常去那里 go there regularly
熟客 regular customer
提供西餐和饮料 offer western food and drinks
雅致的环境 elegant environment
一流的服务 first-class service
可口的食物 tasty food
手艺高超的大厨 chef with excellent skills
氛围舒适的场所 a place with very cozy atmosphere
特别的装饰品 special decoration
享受民乐 enjoy folk music
中式烹饪 Chinese cuisine
传统小食 traditional snacks
特产 specialty
令人放松的音乐 relaxing and soft music
在烛光里 in the candlelight
打折 get a discount
消除疲劳 feel refreshed
释放压力 release intense pressure



环境/污染-environment/pollution
污染物 contamination
全球气候变暖 global warming
温室效应 greenhouse effect
水/土壤/空气污染 water/soil/air pollution
急迫的严重的问题 an urgent, serious problem
威胁我们的生命 threaten our life
交通：主要因素 transportation: the main factor
汽车尾气排放 automobile exhaust is released
吸入 breath in
引起呼吸系统疾病 cause respiratory disease
限制轿车数量 restrict the number of cars
扔垃圾 throw garbage
导致环境污染 cause environmental pollution
工业污染 industrial pollution
化学工业排放的污水 waste water from chemical industry
















