自己-myself
我的兴趣很广法，包括慢跑、阅读和玩电脑游戏。
My interests are manifold, including jogging, reading and playing computer games.

闲暇时我喜欢看书。
I enjoy reading books in my leisure time.

我喜欢体育运动，特别是打羽毛球。
I'm fond of sports and especially like playing badminton.

我的业余爱好是（通过）爬山以保持健康并亲近自然。
My hobby of climbing mountains keeps me fit and close to nature.

集邮教会了我很多东西。
Collecting stamps educates me in a variety of ways.

我是一个勤奋、谦逊、热心的人。
I'm diligent, modest and kind-hearted.

我随时准备帮助哪些需要帮助的人。
I'm always ready to help people in need.

我深知自己的缺点，总是尽力克服它。
Sensible of my shortcoming, I always try to overcome it.

胆小是我的最大缺点。
Being timid is my greatest shortcoming.

我是一个喜欢与人交友的外向女孩。
I'm an outgoing girl who likes to make friends with people.

由于个性随和，我能够和我认识的多数人友好相处。
Being easy-going, I'm able to get along well with most of the people I know.

怀着对成功的强烈决心，我在学习上取得稳定的进步。
With a strong determination to succeed, I make steady progress in my studies.

阅读是我最喜欢的消遣活动。
Reading is my favorite pastime.



家庭-family
我的父亲是工人阶级出身。
My father is from a working-class background.

父亲辛勤工作来养家。
My father works hard to support the family.

我的父亲是家庭的主心骨。
My father is the backbone of my family.

我父亲赚钱养家。
My father is the breadwinner of my family.

我父母都工作，所以我家是“双职工”家庭。
My family is a two-career family with both my parents working.

重大家庭事务的决策权在我妈妈的手中。
The decision power of family affairs is in the hand of my mother.

在家庭事务中我没有发言权。
I have no say in family affairs.

我妈妈掌管整个家庭。
My mother queens it over the whole family.

我们每个月举行一次家庭聚会。
We have a family gathering every month.

父母是孩子最早的老师。
Children learn their first lesson from their parents.

每当我感到挫折或伤心时，我就会回家寻求安慰。
Whenever I feel frustrated or sad, I turn to my family for comfort.

和谐的家庭对孩子的成长很重要。
A harmonious family is important for the growth of children.

家庭是社会的基本组成部分。
Family is the basic unit of society.



朋友-friends
我珍视患难中的友情。
I treasured the friendship of a friend in need.

真正的朋友是在你需要肩膀依靠的时候，他总在你身边。
A true friend will always be there when you need a shoulder to lean on.

获得朋友的唯一方法是要先成为别人的朋友。
The only way to have a friend is to be one.

对我来说，友情是世界上最珍贵的财富之一。
For me, friendship is one of the most valuable possessions in the world.

中国传统认为，士为知己者死。（真正的绅士能够为朋友去死）
The traditional Chinese believe that a gentleman should be able to die for his friends.

建立友谊需要双方的努力。
To build up friendship needs the efforts on both sides.

人们通常和有相似兴趣的人交朋友。
People like to make friends with those who have similar interests.

向朋友倾诉是减轻压力的一个好方式。
Pouring out troubles to friends is a good way of easing off pressure.

真正的朋友不会在你有困难的时候袖手旁观。
A true friend will not stand by when you are in trouble.

在友情里，忠诚最重要。
In friendship, loyalty may be the most important thing.

友情就像家庭一样给人带来舒适。
Friendship is a comfy situation like home.

友谊是包含信任、支持、沟通、忠诚和理解的深层（内部）关系。
Friendship is an inner relationship combining trust, support, communication, loyalty and understanding.


同学-school-fellow
我经常向她倾诉我的苦恼。
I always pour my troubles to her.

我喜欢她娇嫩的皮肤。
I adore her delicate skin.

她既温柔体贴又善解人意，对我们来说像姐姐一样。
Being tender and understanding, she is like a sister to us.

我们共同度过了许多值得记忆的美好时光。
We have much memorable time together.

我们共同分担痛苦、分享喜悦。
We share our sorrow and happiness together.

我们是一丘之貉。
We are birds of a feather.

我们的友谊基础稳固。
Our friends is built upon a solid base.

我完全了解他/她。
I know him/her inside and out.

亲密的朋友就是你能将所有秘密告诉他的人。
A bosom friend is one to whom you could tell all your secrets.

她的个性与我的完全一样。
Her personality is exactly the same as mine.

他和我们班上每个人都相处得很好。
He gets along well with everyone in our class.

从幼儿园开始，我们就互相认识。
We have known each other since we were in kindergarten.


名人-celebrities
周恩来总理是我最崇拜的人。
Premier Zhou Enlai is the person I admire most.

当下，许多年轻人把电视明星当作是他们的偶像。
Nowadays, many young people consider TV stars as their role models.

这个青年女演员仅凭一部电影就获得了国际声誉。
The young actress achieves international fame with only one movie.

窥视他人的隐私，即使他们不是名人，都是不道德的行为。
It is immoral to probe into other people's privacy even if they are not famous.

我们应当在学习明星们的优点（闪光点）的同时，谨慎对待他们的缺点。
We should learn from the shinning points of the stars while being cautious against their shortcomings.

我佩服毛主席为中国人民做的一切。
I admire Chairman Mao for what he has done for the Chinese people.

他不仅在IT领域取得成功，还积极参与慈善事业。
He is not only successful in the IT field, but also active in the charity drive.

李开复写的《做最好的自己》一书在青年人中很受欢迎。
Kaifu Li has written a book named Be The Best Yourself, which is popular among young people.

他是我学习和生活中的偶像。
He is my idol both in my study and life.

我喜欢这个歌手的歌曲，特别是（这些歌曲的）歌词。
I like the songs of this singer, particularly their lyrics.

每一个人在成功之前都要经历很多失败。
Every successful man must have had a lot of failures before he becomes a star.

人人都可能成功。
Every dog can be successful.


邻居-neighbours
农村里邻居之间的关系较之城市里亲密一些。
The relationship between neighbours in rural area is closer than that in cities.

我们中国人常说“远亲不如近邻”。
We Chinese always say that a near neighbour is better than a distant relative.

我的邻居经常给我们送来她做的美味食品。
My neighbour often brings over some delicious food she makes.

有时房子的另一端的嘈杂声，是我们很难入睡。
Sometimes the noise on the other side of the house makes it difficult for us to fall asleep.

邻里之间需要更多的理解。
Neighbours need more understanding between them.

我一直谨慎，不在夜晚发出大的噪音。
I am always careful not to make big noises at night.

远亲不如近邻。
A good neighbours is better than a brother in the next village.

同邻居保持良好的关系是很好的。
It's better to keep on good terms with our neighbours.

当问题出现时，邻里之间应该加强理解。
When problems occur, neighbours should try to understand each other.

好邻居应该相互帮助，相互体谅。
A good neighbour is supposed to be helpful and considerate.

我几乎每天都拜访我的邻居。
I pay visits to my neighbours almost every day.

当邻居需要帮助的时候，向他们深处援手是我们的职责。
It is our duty to give a hand to our neighbours when they need.


老人-old people
敬老是中国的传统美德。
Respecting old people is a long-standing tradition of China.

中国已经进入了老龄化社会的阶段。
China has entered the aging society period.

老年人的举止有时就跟小孩子一样。
Old people sometimes behave like children.

上了年纪的人丰富的生活阅历和智慧是一种财富。
The rich life experience and wisdom of elderly people are a treasure.

变老是一种无法避免的自然过程。
Aging is an unavoidable natural process.

在我的家庭里，老年人是受到尊敬的。
In my family old people are honored.

当人们变老，有时他们就会变得暴躁而又顽固。
When people grow old, sometimes they would turn to be irritable and stubborn.

许多年轻人忽视了他们赡养父母的责任。
Many young people neglect their duties to the old ones in the family.

几代人时间的相处要求更多的包容和理解。
Different generations shall be more understanding to each other.

在中国，老年人经常肩负起照顾婴儿的责任。
In China old people often shoulder the responsibility of taking care of the babies.

老年人把传统传承给下一辈。
Old people pass down tradition to the younger generation.

现在许多老年人甚至比年轻人更加思想开明。
Many old people today are even more open-minded than the young.


老师-teacher
老师不仅要传授知识，还要教会师德。
A teacher should teach not only knowledge but also morals.

耐心是老师必须具备的一个重要品质。
Patience is an important quality required of a teacher.

它非常忠诚于他的教育事业。
He is very much devoted to the cause of education.

他几乎把我们当作他自己的孩子。
He treats us as if we were his own children.

教师是崇高的职业。
Teaching is an honorable profession.

父母是我们的启蒙老师。
My parents are my first teachers.

学校应该营造充满新思维的氛围以吸引更多的好老师。
The school shall create a stimulating atmosphere to attract great teachers.

随着科学的发展，老师们应当提高他们的教学方法以适应现代社会的要求。
As the science develops teachers should improve their teaching methods to satisfy the requirement of the modern society.

老师应该激发学生的创造力。
Teacher should motivate students to be creative.

好的老师不仅仅是说教，而是应该鼓励。
A good teacher shall encourage rather than simply preach.

老师必须学习一些关于心理学的知识。
Teachers are required to learn something about psychology.

所有的学生应该一视同仁。
All students should be treated equally.

老师应培养和激励学生的原创力及创意性。
Teachers should cultivate and inspire originality and creativity in students.

教师对学生应该耐心。
Teachers ought to be patient with students.

