表示对未来的计划：在第三部分的对未来期望的题型中，考生经常被问到你对未来的打算，考生可以尽量联系到自己的真实生活。
I have every intention of ...
If I am not successful, that is, if something goes wrong, I think I will probably...
I feel inclined to...
I don't know if I will, but I might be able to...

回答考官就某事征求你的意见：考生可以以It seems that这样的句子作为开头，然后较赏自己的想要阐述的观点，更加直接地表明考生的立场是客观中立的，考虑问题也会比较全面。
It seems to me (that)...
What I reckon is...
I'd like to point out that...

表示对某事或某人的喜欢
I don't think I've seen anything I like better. *** is a marvelous way of spending a day off.
There's nothing I enjoy more than...
I'm very keen on...
表示对某事尤其热衷
There is no words to express how much I like it.

描述某物：在需要解释或描述某事物的时候，考生们可以用以it's...或there is...为开头的句型。
It has many features.
It is red colored with a steep roof.
It's a 3-room apartment, and it's about 80 square meters.

会议过去发生的事
I can still remember the time when I passed my entrance examinations.
I will never forget when I first went to...
Once, when I was a college student, I went on a trip which I will never forget.

表达感情：当考生们需要给自己的论点加上论据和细节的时候，表达自己当时的内心情绪就是一个很好的方法，比如这件事或这个人留下什么样的印象，让你有怎样的心情。
I felt so happy that I could jump for joy.
I felt like I was in heaven.
It impressed me deeply.
一般在表达个人情感的时候多会用I feel like...或是It makes me...这类的句型。

描述流程：这种情况更多的是出现在当考生们需要给自己的论点加上些细节的描述，有层次感。
The first thing you should do/need to do is to plug it in.
The first step is to get the ingredients prepared.
After that, you should press the button.
The last thing you need to do is turn off the stove.

谈论变化：当考生需要谈论自己对于某些社会现象的观点时，进行对比是很好的方法，那么当谈到这些从过去到现在的变化的时候，就可以运用到这样的句型
The environmental problem is getting more serious.
There has been a rapid increase of farmers moving to the cities.

解释原因：这个句型在雅口第二部分卡片题中应该算是最实用的了。当考官根据卡片上的内容对考生进行描述性话题的提问时，考生可以用以上的句型作为说理部分的开头。
In my opinion, there are three ways of looking at it. First of all...
I can come up with three reasons for the...
在说的时候，考生也可以多注意连接词的运用，包括firstly, secondly, in conclude这样的词可以让考生在自述的时候暗示自己说的顺序和时间，内容更有层次。

评价：当考生需要对某件事或观点进行评价和总结的时候，这种句型就要多背起来
... play an important role in our lives.
Friendship is something we all take seriously.





