发出假警报 cry wolf
如果你常喊狼来了，人们便不会再相信你需要帮助。
If you cry wolf too often, people will stop believing that you need help.

独特之处，另类的一面
freak flag
我的高中语文老师告诉我，要永远遵从自己的内心，骄傲地展现出自己另类的一面。
My high school lituration teacher taught me to always be true to myself and to wear my freak flag proudly.

失控 get out of hand
聚会失去了控制，宾客们开始相互扔瓶子。
The party got out of hand and the guests started throw bottles at each other.

明白，搞清楚 get your head around it
难以置信乔要离开我们了。
I just can't get my head around the fact that Joe is leaving us.

坚持立场 dig in your heels/ stick to your guns
父母想让我放弃写作，但我坚持下来了，终于成为著名的作家。
My parents wanted me to give up writing, but I dug in my heels/ stuck to my guns and went on to become a famous writer.

徘徊于街头找工作 pound the pavement
我在街上转了好几个月，终于找到一份快餐店的工作。
I've been pounding the pavement for months before I found a job in a fast food restaurant.

使出奇招 pull a rabbit out of a hat
我以为我们就快要破产了，谁知我的合伙人使出奇招，帮我们拉来了一个大单子。
I thought we were going bankrupt, but my partner pulled a rabbit out of his hat and we landed a majo contract.

生病，觉得不舒服 feel under the weather
我觉得有点不舒服，可能是感冒了。
I'm feeling under the weather-I think I've caught a cold.

高兴极了 tickled pink
能收到邀请我真是开心死了。
I was tickled pink to be invited.

侥幸成功，勉强做成 by the skin of your teeth
我没怎么学，但侥幸过了，离挂科只差一点点。
I hadn't studied much, but passed the test by the skin of my teeth.

（开心或焦虑时食用的）安慰食品，开心食品 comfort food
脂肪和糖类是安慰食品额两大支柱。
Fat and sugar-the twin pillars of the best comfort food.

使（某人）大为惊讶；令（某人）非常高兴 blow sb away
结局会令你无比惊喜。
The ending will blow you away.

骗人，蒙人，放烟雾弹 blow smoke
我没骗你，我真的度过托尔斯泰的战争与和平。
I'm not blowing smoke. I have honestly read War and Peace by Tolstoy.

（表示强调）一点也不在乎 couldn't care less
那人从商店里偷了一瓶葡萄酒。
That man stole a bottle of wine from the shop.
是吗？我一点也不在乎。
Oh, really? I couldn't care less.

高兴，兴奋 chuffed to bits
谢谢你的礼物，我很喜欢。
Hey, thanks for the present! I'm chuffed to bits.

值得追求的人；宜婚对象 be a catch
John今晚要带我出去了，他是个靠谱的结婚对象，我希望他能向我求婚。
John is taking me out tonight. He's such a catch, I hope he'll propose.

非常疲惫，就快撑不住了 running on fumes
抱歉，我现在得回家，我已经快20个小时没睡了，快熬不住了。
I'm sorry, but I've got to go home now. I haven't slept for twenty hours and I'm running on fumes.

背叛，出卖 sell (sb) out
法国农场主在谈判中感到他们被政府出卖了。
French farmers feel they've been sold out by their government in the negotiations.

说服某人（做某事）sell sb (on sth)
好吧，你说服我了，我跟你一起去。
Ok, you've sold me. I'll go with you.

认为...是一丘之貉 tar sb with the same brush
由于在同一个部分工作，关系又非常密切，John被认为和Tim是一路人。
Because they worked so closely in the same department, John war tarred with the same brush.

坚持住；挺住 hang in there
到了学期中功课会变得很难，但坚持下去就会好的。
Work can get tough in the middle of a term but hang on in ther and it'll be OK.

鲁莽行动（或说话） shoot from the hip
李小姐，我必须向你道歉，我由于找不到文件而想你发火太鲁莽了。我当时太着急了，忘了是我自己把文件放在抽屉的。
Miss Lee, I have to apologize for shooting from the hip and yellng at you for losing the papers. I was in a big hurry and forget (that) I left them right here in my drawer.

很短的距离，掷石之遥 at stone's throw
小屋离海只有一箭之遥。
The cottage is just a stone's throw from the sea.

从传闻中听说；通过道听途说获悉；听小道消息知道 hear (sth) on/through the grapevine
我听到传闻他要离开了，是真的吗？
I heard on the grapevine that he was leaving-is it true?

骑墙观望；犹豫不决 sit on the fence
你不能再骑墙观望了，必须决定你支持谁。
You can't sit on the fence any longer-you have to decide whose side you're on.

对...半信半疑，对...有所怀疑 take sth with a pinch of salt
你不能完全相信她，她总是喜欢夸大其词。
You have to take everything she says with a pinch of salt, she does tend to exaggerate.

（企业或机构运转需要的）最基本的工作人员 skeleton staff
该医院周末只有必须岗位上的工作人员会上班。
The hospital has a skeleton staff at weekends.

十三 baker's dozen
当我们14个人有13个鸡蛋，怎么能分得均呢？
We had a baker's dozen of eggs for fourteen of us at the time. How could we even them out?

随它去，不去管结果了 let the chips fall where they may
决定冒险投资，不去管结果了。
Kathy decided to risk her money on the investment and let the chips fall where they may.

不费脑筋之事；容易处理的问题 no-brainer
最后那道测试题丝毫不费脑筋。
That last test question was a complete no-brainer.

学习，做功课 hit the books
我今晚不能出门，我得做功课。
I can't go out tonight, I've got to hit the books.

承担力所能及的事；不自量力 bite off more than you can chew
克林顿承认“我们最初的以聊改革计划超出.”
Clinton conceded, "We bite off more than we could chew in our original health care reform proposals."

永无可能；绝不可能 when pigs fly
你不打算买那套房了吗？
Aren't you going to buy that house?
除非猪会飞吧，太贵了，我肯定买不起了。
I will when pigs fly. It's just so expensive, I don't think it'll happen.

气疯了；乐呆了；吓坏了
得知自己被录用后，他乐坏了。
He freaked out when he heard he'd got the job.

非常容易的事 piece of cake
考试很简单。
The exam was a piece of cake.

不吐不快，不做不爽 get tout of your system
我不确定她会作何反应，但我真的不想再憋了。我告诉他，我喜欢上了另一个女人。
I wasn't sure how she was going to react, but I had to get it tout of my system. So I told her I had found another woman.

有更好的表现 step up your game
如果你想赢得这场比赛，你必须有更好的表现。
If you want to win this competition, you'll have to step up your game.

你真棒 you rock
Thanks for the tickets, Rob. You rock!
Rob，谢谢你提供的票，你可真厉害！

给某人方便；对某人网开一面 cut sb some slack
Andrew又迟到了。
Andrew's late again.
对他就网开一面吧，他妻子刚生完小孩。
Cut him some slack - his wife's just had a baby.

开始互相攻击 come out swinging
休息了一天之后，特朗普和希拉里又开始了为期一周的艰苦竞选旅程，两人又开始互掐。
After a day off, Hillary and Trump this morning again launched another hard week of campaigning and they both came out swinging.

毁于一旦；受到重创 go up in flames
他因为偷窃坐牢后事业受到了重创。
His career went up in flames when he was jailed of theft.

说中要害，说到点子上 hit the nail on the head
Mick说这家公司缺乏的是一种自信，我认为他说到点子上了。
I think Mick hit the nail on the head when he said that what's lacking from his company is a feeling of confidence.

花了一大笔钱 cost an arm an a leg
这双鞋花了我一大笔钱。
These shoes cost me an arm and a leg.

（因行动慢而）错过机会，错失良机 miss the boat
上周还有些票，但他一直等到今天才去买，错过了机会。
There were tickets available last week, but he missed the boat by waiting till today to try to buy some.

付出比别人期望中还要大的努力 go the extra mile
他是个好人，帮助朋友从不怕麻烦。
He's nice guy, always ready to go the extra mile for his friends.

行就行，不行就滚 shape up or ship up
这是我最后一次跟你说：别再迟到了。你要是再迟到就卷铺盖走人吧。
This is the last time I'm telling you to arrive on time Shape up or ship out.

以貌取人 judge a book by its cover
我不喜欢咱们的新邻居，他们看起来怪怪的。
I don't like our new neighbours very much, they're quite strange.
不要以貌取人。我觉得他们虽然看起来有点怪，但性格很好。
You shouldn't judge a book by its cover. I think they're just a bit quirky but really nice!

恢复镇定，控制自己 pull yourself together
我知道你这一天过得很糟，但你一定要振作起来，工作还得继续，不是吗？
I understand you've had a bad day, but pull yourself together and get on with your job, will you?

关键时刻 crunch time
我最近睡眠不够，正赶上工作的关键时刻。
I'm not getting enough sleep these days. It's crunch time at work.

少有的 once in a blue moon
我的姐姐住在阿拉斯加，我很少能看到她。
My sister live in Alaska, so I only see her once in a blue moon.

想方设法，千方百计 leave no stone unturned
我会想尽一切办法，找出此事背后的那个人。
I'll leave no stone unturned until I find out who did this.


