如何回答benefit/advantage?

Yes,I do; No, I don't 之外的其它情况

用来表示“当然，那是自然，这是肯定的”之类的意思
Sure
That's for sure
Absolutely(not)
Definitely(not)
Certainly(not)
No doubt about it

“未必，不一定”
Not necessarily
表示你要说的话可能和考官的期望不同或相反
Well, actually,...
Well, obviously,...
Well, honestly,...
Well, to tell you the truth...
Um, to be honest,...
As a matter of fact,...

Yes, I do; No, I don't 之外的其它情况
表示你对考官所问的内容不是很清楚，但是你觉得是这样
Well, I'm not really sure, but I guess so, cos...
Every dog can be successful
表示你认为有几个可能的因为，而非一个
Well, it really depends.

表示因人而异
Well, it obviously varies from person to person.

表示“这个很难说的啦”
Well, it's difficult to say, cos...

表示“不完全是”
Not really/exactly.

表示“不是很多（频率），或者不是很喜欢（程度）”
Not much.

除了I like...;I don't like 你还会说什么？
Basketball is my biggest passion in life.
Lots of children and teenagers are obsessed with/addicted to/hooked on computer games.
I'm crazy/mad about LV bags.
I'm huge/great fan of him.
I absolutely adore you.
I absolutely love Sichuan food.
I'm into Korean songs. I'm so into you.
Unlike most girls, I'm not very much into shopping.
I'm not a big fan of photography.
I dislike anything that's oily and spicy.
Dancing is just not my thing.
I really hate travelling by train.
I can't stand the smell of it.

如何回答how often?
I use the brand all the time.
He complains all the time.
I eat it almost every day.
I go shopping whenever I want.
I dine out a lot.
I don't go to the cinema very often.
I only go to the cinema once in a while.
I rarely borrow money from my friends.
It rarely rains here in summer.
I hardly ever go to the restaurant/go to the cybercafe.
I never drink or smoke.


如何回答Why or why not?
I like it mainly because it's a great to relax.
I like the major simply because it's my interest.
Well, there are a variety of reasons. First, I've been interested in it since I was a child and it's always been my dream to be....Second, I think it suits my personality. You see, I'm extroverted and I love meeting new people. That's exactly what the job requires.
You see, everyone wants to have a car. I think one reason is that a car does make life easier and gives you more freedom. Another reason is that an expensive car is a status symbol, so rich people use it to show off their wealth.
I think the primary/main reason is that our university education focuses too much exams and too little on practical skills.
It's primarily because we are selfish and short-sighted.
It's mainly due to our selfishness and short-sightedness.
It's mainly due to the fact that people today are under heavy pressure from work and life, especially financial pressure.
It's the result of a long-time sedentary lifestyle.
Well, it may be because they're not happy about the pay.
It may be because they're too busy or too tired to cook at home, you know, modern life is really stressful.
I'm not sure, but I guess one possible reason is that they rush into marriage and after a while they find that they are not actually right for each other.
I don't like cycling, For one thing, when I cycle along the road, I have to breathe the dirty air. For another, cycling is dangerous coz there's so much traffic on the road.


如何回答benefit/advantage?
Point: 省钱
It's economical.
It doesn't cost much./ It costs much less.
It's inexpensive.
It's money-saving.
It saves (you) lots of money.

Point: 对身体好
It's a great way to keep fit/boost your fitness.
It's marvelous exercise.
It's got great physical benefits.
It's beneficial for health.
It's really healthy/wholesome.
It's really nutritious.

Point: 有用
It's really skillful.

Point: 环保
It's eco-friendly/environment-friendly.
It does no harm to the environment.
It's harmless to the environment.
It doesn't pollute/contaminate the environment.

Point: 放松，减压
It's a marvelous way to release/relieve stress.
It's a great stress reducer/stress killer.
It's a great way to let off steam.
It's a perfect way to wind down after a hard day at school/work.
It helps me to wind down.
It's wonderful relaxation.
It's really relaxing.

Point: 增进亲情
It's a wonderful family activity.
It helps to strengthen family bonds.
It allows me to spend more time with my family.





