骗朋友的经历
Describe a time when you did not tell a friend the truth
You should say:
when it was
where it happened
why you did not tell the truth
and explain how you felt about it
***
信息点： 欺骗朋友的经历

我想说一说在我高中时期发生的译件事情。是关于朋友送的礼物的。
I want to talk about an occasion that happened in my high school.
It was about a gift from my best friend.

我是清晰地记得那是高中第一学期的第二个月。那时，我朋友到我家来玩，并送给我一个纪念杯做礼物。
I clearly remember it was in the second month of my first semester in
high school. At that time, my friend visited my home and sent a mug
cup as a gift for me, which printed a group photo onto it.

有一次晚上从学校一回到家门，我妈妈就和我说她在我的房间发现我的杯子被我家的猫摔坏了，那是只我上初中一年级就开始养的猫，非常调皮。怕影响到我朋友的感情，我就尽快地买了一个一模一样的杯子放在我的房间里。
The moment I got home from school on night, my mother told me that
the cup from my best friend was broken by my cat. In order to avoid
some bad feelings, I bought a customized cup from nearby department
store before long, and then put in my room again.

一周后，我朋友再次到我家做客。她看到我房间里面的杯子，问我觉得它怎么样？我跟她说，非常好使。至今我都没有告诉她关于杯子的真相。这个杯子也一直放在我的房间里，我和朋友依旧相处得很好，友谊长存。
A week later, my friend went my home again to play with me. She
asked something about my feelings of her gift, then I answered, "It
is perfectly used." At that time, I did not tell her the truth of
the mug cup. Still now, this cup is in my room. Although I
have never told the story of this cup, we are always keeping in
touch with each other for many years. I believe that our friendships
are life long.

我认为我不告诉我朋友事实的真相就是因为我想让我的朋友不再花钱买礼物给我，我想让她觉得我们
的友谊没有那么多的意外。
I think the reason why I did not tell my friend the truth is that I
didn't want her to buy another gift for me or I wanted to let her feel
our friendships without any accident.
***
why do people lie sometimes?
how would you define white lies?
do you think it's important to teach children to be honest?
what are the other ways to teach children about honesty except having parents or teachers to teach them?
some people say that liars are those who have a good memory, what do you think?




家庭休闲活动
Describe a leisure activity you do with your family
You should say:
what it is
when you do it
how you do it
and how you feel about it
***
核心信息点：家庭|休闲活动

露营、徒步

我和家人一起做的休闲活动是徒步。
Well, a leisure activity I do with my family is hiking.

其实也不算是真正地去很远、很偏的地方徒步，而是一种更安全也有运动性的户外活动。通常我们外出的目的地就离我家两个街区远。我记得我们第一次去那里还是去年的九月份。
I's actually not a real hiking on the remote mountain but an outdoor
activity that is considered to be safer and sportive as well. The
destination is just two blocks away from our family. I remember it
was the during last October that we went there for the first time.

在春天和秋天的时候我和我的家人们一起做这个活动，因为我们觉得这是一个很棒的户外活动，能够让我们在天气适宜的时候让大家通过锻炼来保持健康，并享受大自然的美丽。
I do this activity with all our family members during the spring
and autumn because we think it's a perfect outdoor sport that allows
us to stay healthy by doing some physical exercises when it's nice day
to go outside, as well as to feel the natural beauty.

我们经常会准备一些常用装备后再去那里，因为是开阔的郊区或公园，很少有店家提供给我们一些必备的设施，比如太阳帽、帐篷、野餐垫、安全箱、充电宝以及食物和水等等。我们通常会自己提前规划好路线，以便关照好小一辈的家庭成员。
We usually go there with general equipment in advance because the destination
cannot provide us some necessary amenities such as sun hat, tent, picnic blanket,
first-aid kit, charge pal as well as food, water and so on. Plus, we often
consider all things about family members by planning the routes and make guides
in advance.

我觉得任务这个活动很棒！它不仅经给我们一个保持健康的机会，而且加深了我们家庭关系。我们通过分享徒步的策略来互相帮助。我希望我们能够一直把这个休闲获得保留在我们的项目中。
Well, I definitely feel this leisure activity is awesome! You know,
it not only gives us an opportunity to keep fit, but also enhances
our family relationship through this activity. We helped each other
by sharing our own strategies of hiking. I hope we could keep this
activity on our list of leisure.
***
what leisure activities are popular in China?
what leisure activities do young people like?
do leisure activities have to be educational?
do men and women like different leisure activities?




借过的好用东西
Describe something useful you borrowed from others
You should say:
what it was
when you borrowed it
who you borrowed it from
and explain why yu borrowed it
***
核心信息点：借的东西|好用的东西

一个我从别人那里借来的好东西是一台E-R200BK卡西欧电子词典。
Something useful I borrowed from others was actually an E-R200BK Casio
electronic dictionary.

我记得我是在上大学第三年的时候从我的一个同学那里借来的。那个时候我跟朋友准备着英语，当时对我的应为你科目不是很自信，尤其是单词部分。如果不翻阅词典的话，我总是在看英文文章的时候感觉很困难。
I remember I borrowed it from a classmate of mine while I was studying
in the third year of my senior university. At that time, I was busy
preparing for CET-6 test and wasn't so confident wih my reading test.
I always found it difficult reading through the English passages without
looking at the dictionary.

让我感到很糟糕的就是我觉得翻阅纸质版的词典是一个很浪费时间的事情。我的同桌Mo Yang发现了我的情况，然后把他的电子词典借给了我。其实那是我第一次从别人那里借来很贵重的东西。
What made me feel bad was that flipping through the paper-edition was
really a time-consuming thing. You know, my classmate Mo Yang noticed
my situation, and lent his e-dictionary to me. That was actually the first
time that I borrowed something precious from others.

我借这个的原因是我觉得我应该起码尝试一次使用电子词典来看看它是否能够提升我的学习效率。另一个原因是我当时正在查一个不是很确信的英文单词，想看看其它版本词典的解释。事实情况就是它的确很有用，我一周之后就买了同样型号的词典。
Well, the reason why I borrowed it was that I thought I should try the
electronic one at least for once to see if it could really boost my
efficiency of study. Another reason why I borrowed it was that I was not
so sure about an English item I was looking for at that time and wanted
to check the definition out from another version of the dictionary. Well,
the reality proved that it worked and I bought the same type of device a
week later.
***
what kinds of things do people borrow from each other?
what other things that people don't choose to lend to others?
do we always need to get permissions from others before using something they have?
what do you think of copying ideas from others?




室内游戏
Describe an experience that you played an indoor game with others
You should say:
what you played
who you played it with
why you played it
and how you felt about it
***
核心信息点：和他人一起玩儿的|室内游戏
indoor game可以是室内运动，如乒乓球、室内攀岩、室内游泳、瑜伽、健身等等；
也可以是纯游戏类的，如象棋、军棋、扑克牌以及最近十几年比较流行的桌游等等。

一个我和别人一起玩过的室内游戏是桌游。
An indoor game that I played with other people that I would like to share
here was a board-game.

它叫三国杀，直译过来叫Three Kingdom Kill或者Legends of Three Kingdoms。是我在研一那会儿我了解到了这个游戏。它是基于中国的三国时期历史以及半虚构小说《三国演义》改编的卡牌桌游。
It was called Sanguosha, which literally means Three Kingdom Kill or the
Legends of Three Kingdoms. It was during the first year of my postgraduate
school that I got to know this game. It's a Chinese card game based on the
Three Kingdoms period of China and the semi-fictional novel Romance of the
Three Kingdoms.

我是和师门一起玩的这个游戏。我的同门从网上买到了这套卡片。我依然记得当时是我帮她去取的快递。她一打开这盒卡牌，我们就被邀请去校内的一家饮品店去玩儿了。我们一开始之后，就根本停不下来。这里头有太多乐趣了。
I played this game with my fellow students in college. Wang Xijia who was
the classmate that was supervised under the same professor bought this set
of cards online. I still can remember how excited she was after she got
the package from the delivery man. Right after she un-boxed the cards, we
were invited to play. Once we got the ball rolling, we just couldn't stop.
There's so much fun in it.

我玩这个游戏的原因是我的同门邀请的我。我找不到任何借口拒绝他。另外，我对小说《三国演义》很感兴趣，也很想知道它是怎么运用到这个游戏当中来的。
Well, the reason why I played this game was that my fellow student asked me
to have a try. I didn't have any excuse to refuse. Also, I was quite into
the novel Romance of the Three Kingdoms, and really wanted to see how it
could be implemented into this game.

这个游戏绝对玩儿起来有意思。它包含了很多游戏技巧，没有这些技巧的话你就没有信心获胜。作为和朋友一起开心或者打发时间的方式，我非常推荐这款游戏。
Well, this game was definitely interesting to play. It involved lots of game
strategies without which you couldn't have confidence to win. I highly recommend
this game as a way to have fun or kill time with friends.
***
Is teamwork important to individuals?
what qualities should team leaders have?
what indoor games do children like to play nowadays?
what do you think of people spending too much time playing computer games?




很累却要保持清醒
Describe a time you were sleepy but had to stay awake
You should say:
when it happened
why you were sleepy
why you had to stay awake
and how you stayed awake
******
核心信息点：很累|保持清醒

一次我感到困倦但是不得不保持清醒的经历是在我去年准备期末考试的那会儿。
Well, a time I felt drowsy but had to stay awake was actually when
I was busy preparing for my final last year.

我清楚记得我们的数学老师在考试三天前帮助我们在教科书上圈出了一个大范围的有关数值分析的重点好让我们记忆。我们当时心情很复杂，因为那会儿老师圈出了我们要靠的重点我们都感到很高兴，于此同时呢，要在三天内记住这么多潜在答案真是几乎不太可能。
I clearly remember that our math teacher helped us highlight a very
wide range of categories regarding the Numerical Analysis on the
textbook for us to memorize just three days before the exam. You know,
we had mixed feelings during that time because we were happy that our
teacher pointed out the essential part of knowledgeable that we were
supposed to be tested and at the same time we felt it was nearly
impossible to keep this vast amount of potential answers in our mind
within three days.

我当时我一开始打了鸡血般地准备的考试，但之后在最后一个晚上我精疲力竭了，十分困顿，因为记忆这么多东西耗费了我太多精力。这和跑五千米、马拉松一样，你看到了重点马上就接近了，但是你还是忍不住想小憩一下。不过，感谢老天我当时坚持下去了。
I was pumped up to cram for the exam at the very beginning, but then I
got worn out and pretty drowsy during the last night because there's so
much to memorize and it consumed me a lot of energy. It's just like
running a 5km or even marathon, you know the ending is approaching but
somehow you cannot resist the temptation to have a break. But, thank
Goddess that I stuck to it.

我当时保持住了清醒状态，因为那场期末考试对我来说至关重要。如果我不能全身心投入去准备的话，我获取奖学金的机会就会少很多。
Well, the reason why I stayed awake was that this final meant so much
to me. If I didn't prepare wholeheartedly, I would have less possibility
of getting admitted into a scholarship.
******
what kind of people lack sleep?
why do people feel tired a lot nowadays?
how do people keep awake when they are tired?
what occasions do people need to keep awake even though they feel tired?




庆祝自己的成就
Describe an occasion when you celebrated your achievement
You should say:
what you achieved
how you celebrated it
who you celebrated it with
and how you felt about it
***
核性信息点：自己的成就|庆祝
这道题目很有意义，因为我们人生中总有那么一些值得庆祝的成就，这个成就不一定是一鸣惊人，
一飞冲天那种。可以是对我们自己生活有意义的成就，比如考驾照经过几次失败之后终于通过了
的成就，学会了深海潜水的本领，懂得了另一门语言等等。

考上重庆大学（985，211），拿到录取通知书

一个庆祝成就的时刻是在几年前当我收到大学录取通知书之后。
A situation when I celebrated my achievement was after I got my offer
from my ideal university several years ago.

当我拿到这份令人激动不已的通知书的时候，我的父母就决定要摆宴席邀请亲朋好友前来庆祝。他们等待这个时刻的到来已经很久了。
The moment I got this thrilling offer, my parents decided to set a grand
dinner to invite friends and relatives to come and celebrate. You know,
they have been waiting this time for quite a long time.

这是在我高中第三年的一个夏天。我记得当时大约有三十桌来自不同地方的宾客。我要好的朋友也过来和我一起庆祝了。我在宴席上最主要的工作就是讲话。我的面对所有的听众向我的父母和朋友给予我的关爱和支持表示感谢。发表讲话之后，我和我的父母去了不同的桌席和他们干杯，这不是个容易活儿。
It was on a summer day in the third year of my senior high school. I
remember there were around 30 tables of guests from different places.
My best friends also came to celebrate with me on that day. Well, my job
during the grand dinner was mainly about talking. You know, I was supposed
to deliver a mini-speech in front of all the audiences to show my gratitude
to both my parents and friends for their strong caring and support. After
the speech session, my parents and I went to different tables to drink a
toast to them, which was not an easy thing.

坦白而言，这个活动之后我感觉精疲力竭因为我一整天都是在欢迎和招待宾客。不过，那天对我来说非常有意义而且很值。我从这次的庆祝活动中学到了很多。如果我没有参与这次庆祝中来的话，我不会理解到我被别人关爱着是多么的幸运。
Honestly, I felt quite exhausted after this event as I was busy welcoming
and serving those guests all day long. However, that day was quite meaningful
and rewarding to me. I have learned a lot from this celebration. I wouldn't
be able to understand how lucky I was being a person who received a lot of
love from others if I didn't participate in hosting this event of celebration.
***
how do Chinese people celebrate their family events? Is there anything different from other countries?
why is it important for sports fans to celebrate when their favorite team wins?
do people prefer winning in a team or on their own?
how are birthday celebrations different between young and the old?




选工作或专业的建议
Describe an advice you received on choosing your major or work
You should say:
what it was
when you received it
who you received it from
and how you felt about it
***
核心信息点：一条关于工作或专业的建议

***




无聊的经历
Describe an experience that you got bored when you were with others
You should say:
when it was
who you were with
what they did
and explain why you were bored
***
核心信息点：无聊的经历

我想要说一说我参加的一个让我无聊至极的聚会。
I am going to talk about a gathering I participated that made me bored
to death.

这个聚会是在去年中国农历新年之后。作为一个传统，我们当时要在接下来的日子里走亲访友。
This gathering was right after we celebrated the 2008 Chinese lunar new
year. As a custom, we were supposed to visit relatives and friends in
the following days.

有一次我和我父母一起去了我妈妈的同事家里去庆祝这个节日。我当时认为我会在那里有很多乐子，比如和同龄小伙伴们一起玩玩游戏。然而，当我到那里之后，他们家里头有非常多的人，让我感到行走起来都比较困难。
There's a time that my parents and I went to my mother's co-workers family
to celebrate the festival. I thought that I would have much fun there, for
example playing games with their kids who were at my age. However, when I
got there, there were so many guests at their house, which made me feel
difficult to move around.

更让我感到糟糕的是我来之前孩子们已经出去玩耍了。所以，我除了在沙发上看春节联欢晚会的重播，啥事儿也没干。人们还在屋子里打着麻将大声聊天，环境十分吵闹。作为一个客人，我从来没有觉得生活有比这个更加无聊的了。
What's worse was that the kids were all out of for fun before I came. So
I did nothing but just sit on the sofa watching the boring Spring Festival
Gala replay in a noisy environment where people were playing Mahjong while
chatting loudly. I had never felt that life could be this boring being a guest.

我觉得我感到非常无聊的原因是在屋子里没有同伴能陪我一起玩。我你甘愿出去啥事儿不做，也不愿意自己一个人呆在房子里。如果我再次去那个地方，我估计会带个iPad之类的东西来打发时间。
Well, the reason why I felt so bored was that there were no peers in the house
to play with me. I would rather go out doing nothing instead of staying at the
house alone. If I were taken to that place again, I would bring an iPad or
something to kill time.
***
why do people get bored?
why are people less interested in reading books nowadays?
Are all boring jobs going to be done by robots in the future?
why do some people choose boring jobs?




不用工作或学习的一天
Describe a time you enjoyed a free day off work or school
You should say:
where you were
what you did
who you were with
and how you felt about it
***
信息点：不用学习或工作的一天

只要不说学习和工作，其他任何事情都可以。这一天我们可以出去跟同学撸串，打篮球，踢足球；
也可以跟父母或者自己一人到附近的景点随便走走；还可以单纯的待在家里玩游戏或者刷电视剧。
无论说什么活动，只要细节足够充分，情节足够合理就可以。

我要告诉你的经历是我上周六到城市附近的山里去徒步旅行。这是我一直想做的事情。早餐之后，我打包了一些食物和瓶装水，穿上我最舒适的鞋子，乘坐公交车到达山脚下。徒步旅行就此开始。
The experience I am going to tell you is that I went hiking last Saturday
in a mountain near my city, which was something I always wanted to do. After
breakfast, I packed some food and bottled water, put on my most comfortable
shoes and took the bus to the mountain foot. Then my hiking began.

它是种很灵活的活动。其难度会根据你选择的路线和自身的身体水平而不同。因为我的主要目的是放松，我选了最受欢迎的，没有太大挑战路线。我一路上慢慢悠悠，四处闲逛。时不时的，我会坐在地上休息一会儿，跟其他徒步旅行者闲聊一下。
It is a flexible activity. The difficulty varies with the hiking route you
choose and your fitness level. As my main aim was to relax, I picked one of
the most popular traits, which would not be too challenging. I took my time
and wandered around. Every now and then, I sat on the ground and took a rest,
chatting with other hikers.

路线周围的景色棒极了。在我前面是无尽的山脉和森林，在我身后是充满生机的城市。山顶上还有一个小棚子，方便游客欣赏日落的美丽风景。那里的空气闻起来也比沙坪坝区（城市）新鲜一些，或许是因为它里面废气和尾气含量较少。
The views along the route were wonderful. In front of me was the endless
mountains and forests. Behind me was the lively city. There was also a shelter
at the top of the mountain for visitors to appreciate the beautiful scenery of
sunset. The air there also smelled fresher than that in the city, probably
because it had little exhausted gas and fume.

我非常喜欢这一经历。它给了我从繁忙的课程和沉重的作业中休息的机会。在阅读和坐在电脑前一周之后，我的身体需要新鲜的空气和一定的锻炼来刷新一下。
I am quite into the experience. It provides me with a chance to take a break from
the intensive course arrangements and heavy homework. After doing reading and
sitting in front of the computer for a whole week, my body needs the fresh air
and the exercise to get refreshed.
***




特别的一天
Describe a special day that you remember well
You should say:
where you were
who you were with
what you did
and explain why you remember it well
***
信息点：特别的一天


***




初见某人的时刻
Describe a time when you met someone for the first time
You should say:
where you met him or her
when you met him or her
what you talked about
and how you felt about it
***
信息点：初见某人的时刻

***




保健方式
Describe something you do to stay healthy
You should say:
what it is
when, where you usually do it
how you do it
and explain why it can keep you healthy
******
信息点：
锻炼身体的_活动_非常多。常见的如篮球、足球、羽毛球、跑步、游泳、健身等；不太常见的如网球、排球、高尔夫等。对于女生而言，甚至逛街也可以。
_健康_应该是现在大家都比较关心的问题。学生可能因为沉迷游戏或者学习压力太大，很少进行户外活动。
工作后的成年人可能一天到晚坐着不懂而出现过度肥胖、要算背疼等现象。相应的，各种活动可以使学生接触到新鲜空气，使上班族提升体质，克服就做的影响。

我要告诉你的考试健康的活动是慢跑。曾经我非常喜欢打乒乓球。但毕业之后，同学的工作都比较忙，大家很难找到共同的时间。而慢跑很方便，只需一个人，而且只要你想，在任何时间、任何地点都能进行。
The activity I do to stay healthy is jogging. I used to love ping pong back in school. But
after graduation, everybody is busy. It is almost impossible to find a shared spare time.
On the contrary, jogging is very convenient. You can do it whenever and wherever you like.

我通常会在晚上9点左右出去。因为白天还要工作。早上5、6点对我而言又太早。下班回来之后先吃晚饭，吃完饭消化一下基本上就9点了。因为我就住在大学附近。所以我通常都会在大学的操场上跑步。塑胶的跑道非常舒服，周围的学生让我想起自己的大学生活。
I usually jog at around 9 pm. After work, I would have dinner first and gave 2 hours for
my digestive system to absorb the food. I know a great number of people choose to jog in
the morning before work. But 5 or 6 am is too early for me. It seems to be a torture.
Since there is a university beside my home, their track field becomes my playground. The
plastic track feels comfortable and the students around remind me of my own college life.

跑步的时候我会穿上速干的T恤和短裤，专业的慢跑鞋。稍微热身之后就开始自己的跑步之旅。通常会跑5公里，大概半个小时。跑步之后我的身体素质有明显的提升。之前上两层楼都会剧烈喘气，现在上5层楼都很轻松。由于久坐造成的腰酸背痛消失了，头脑也清醒很多。我会继续保持下去。
Every time I go jogging, I put on the extra-dry T shirt and short and the professional running
shoes. Maybe I am not a professional runner, but I definitely look like one. After a little
warming up, I start my journey. Normally, it takes half an hour and cover 5 kilometers. This
activity has a huge benefit on my health. I used to pant like hell after climbing two floors,
but now climbing 5 floors is a small piece of cake. Apart from this, my backache also has
disappeared and my mind has become clearer, I will keep jogging.
******




旅游经历
Describe an unusual experience of traveling
You should say:
where you went
when you went there
who you were with
what you did there
and explain why it is unusual
***
信息点：

***




水上运动
Describe a water sport you would like to try in the future
You should say:
what it is
where you would like to try
how difficult it is
and why you would like to try it
***
信息点：

我想尝试的水上运动是帆板，它被视为一项极限运动。
A water sport I love to do in the future is actually windsurfing, which
is considered as an extreme sport.

帆板其实是一种帆船运动和冲浪运动的结合体。我知道这项运动是一个夏天我和我朋友在浙江的海边旅游的时候。我那是看见很多装饰的男子拿着很大的气质一样的东西在睡眠上，瞬间激起了我的兴趣。
Windsurfing is actually kind of a combination of sailing and surfing. I
got to know this while I was traveling along the coastal area with my
friends in Zhejiang Province during the summer. I saw strong guys hold a
huge flag thing on the water surface, which immediately arose my interest.

我想在去澳洲之后尝试这项运动，不过我不是特别确信我能否在那里玩。我知道澳洲四面环海，而且水域也适合航帆。
I would like to try it in Australia in the future, but I'm not sure if
I am allowed to do so. I know Australia are surrounded by many beautiful
coasts, and it's got very good sea area for sailing.

我觉得帆板运动一点都不简单，我刚提到了他已经被认为是一项极限运动。它需要力量和技巧。我觉得帆板最困难的地方在于站在班上要保持平衡。你得身心都准备到位，以便应对朝你过来的不可预测的海浪。
I feel that windsurfing is not easy at all as I mentioned it has been
regarded as an extreme sport. It requires both strength and skills. I
assume the most difficult part of doing it is standing on the board while
balancing the weight of the sail. You have to fully prepared, both mentally
and physically, for the unexpected sea waves that come towards you.

我认为我想要尝试这个水上运动的原因是因为我认为它是一个很棒的能挑战我的极限的运动。这个挑战能够帮助我提高我的勇气和力量，这对我人生至关重要。人生就像帆板运动，你永远不知道下一个朝你过来的海浪是什么样的，但是你得做好准备。
Well, the reason why I like to try this water sport is that I think it's
a pretty good sport to challenge my limit. This challenge helps me to develop
my own courage and strength that are crucial for my entire life. You know
life is like windsurfing, you may never know what kind of waves will come
to you next, but you gotta prepare for it.
***
do you think it is necessary for everyone to learn to swim?
why should we develop water transport?
what kinds of water sports are popular nowadays?
what is the difference between outdoor sports and indoor sports?




陌生人的电话
Describe a time you heard stranger talking on the phone in the public place
You should say:
where you were
when it was
what the stranger was talking about
and explain how you felt about it
***
信息点：听到陌生人在公共场所打电话

我想要说的是我和我的好朋友上个月看到以及听到的一位女士在打电话的事情。
I would like to talk about a lady that my best friend and I saw and heard
talking on the phone last month.

如果我没记错的话，我们是在我们城市的万达广场观看那会儿在中国非常火爆的复仇者联盟时见到的这位女士。她当时穿着红衣服，手上拧着一些购物大包瞬间就吸引了我的注意力。
If my memory was correct, we saw this lady in the Wanda Movie Theater of
our city while we were watching the Avengers, which was quite a hit in
China at that time. She was in red with some shopping bags in her hands
and looked like a middle-aged woman. The first moment I saw her was at the
entrance of the auditorium. You know her bags were so big, which immediately
caught my attention.

那个第一印象并没有给我不愉快的感觉，因为在这个商业中心购完物去看个电影是能理解的事情。但是，就在电影播放期间她的行为有点惹到我了。在我们观看电影的时候，她不止一次接起电话。老实说，有的时候我是不介意别人接电话的，因为可能会有紧急的事情，只要能把声音放低就好了。问题就是她用她的高音调在那里朝着电话那头的人狂喊，感觉这个工作场所就她一个人似的。我就不太记得她都说了些啥，但是看起来她非常生气而且着急，几乎所有的观众们都能听到她的声音。
Well, the first impression didn't give me some unpleasant feeling as it's
pretty understandable watching a movie after shopping in this central
business district. But. it was during the movie time that her behavior
annoyed me a lot. There was more than one call she picked up during our
watching time. I honestly sometimes didn't mind someone talking on the phone
as it might be something urgent as long as he or she could talk in a low
voice. The thing was that she used her high-pitch voice crazily yelling at
a person on the other side of the phone as if there's only her in this public
place. I couldn't remember what she was talking about, but it seemed that she
was very angry and edgy, and her voice can be heard literally by all the movie
viewer.

我当时被惹毛了，她回了我最喜爱的电影。我是个冷静的人，但是在那一刻，我鼓起勇气给了她口头警告。她屁都没当回事，继续一个劲儿在那说她的事情。那次的观影体验真实糟透了。
I was pissed off at that time. You know, she just ruined my favorite movie!
I was a calm person but at that moment, I mustered up my courage to give her
a verbal warning. You know she just didn't give a shit and continued talking
her own business. That's pretty horrible movie experience for me.
***




给别人的建议
Describe a time that you gave advice to others
You should say:
who you gave advice to
what the advice was
why you gave advice
and how you felt about the advice
***
***

早起
Describe an occasion when you got up early
You should say:
when you got up
what you did
why you got up early
and how you felt about it
***
***


利用网络解决问题
Describe a time you solved a problem through the Internet
You should say:
what the problem was
how you solved this problem
how long it took to solve this problem
and how you felt about it
***

***


获得错误的信息
Describe an occasion when you got incorrect information
You should say:
when you got it
how you got it
how you found it was incorrect
and how you felt about it
***

***



和朋友出去
Describe an experience that you went out with your friends and had a good time
You should say:
where you went
when you went out
what you did
and explain why you had a good time
***

***


交通工具出故障
Describe an experience that the vehicle you took broken down in your travel
You should say:
where it happened
when it happened
who you were with at that time
and what impacts this breakdown had
***

***


邀请聚餐
Describe an occasion when you invite your family or friends to dinner
You should say:
when you invited them
where you had the dinner(at home or at the restaurant)
why you invited them
and how you felt about this dinner
***

***
