房间的照片
Describe a picture or photograph you like in your room
You should say:
what is in it
where it is
how you got it
and explain why you like it
***
核心信息点：1）你喜欢的picture/photograph；2）在你的房间
你可以瞅瞅自己梳妆台或者墙上有没有放着照片。可以是多年的朋友聚会、家庭聚会的照片，也可以是外出旅行拍下的游客照，言之有理即可。

一张我房间内喜欢的照片是几年前和我父母一起照的艺术照。
A picture that I enjoy in my room is actually an artsy shot taken several years ago with
my parents.

如果我没有记错的话，我们是在2016年的夏天拍的，那个时候我刚好结束了我的本科校园生活。我的父母想着我马上升上研究生，离开他们去另一个城市上学了，就特想拍一张棒棒的照片来记录我们在一起的记忆。另外，我们之前也没有很像样的拍过照片。所以，这次应该是一个很好的尝试。
If my memory's correct, it's taken during the summer in 2016 when I just finished my
undergraduate campus life. My parents thought that I was gonna leave them for postgraduate
school in another city and really wanted to take a good photo to kind of record our memory
being together. Plus, we hadn't really taken serious photos before. So, it would be a nice try.

我母亲觉得我这是我们第一次拍照，那就要拍好。所以，我们在网上搜索的信息然后找到了一家在我们市内评价最好的摄影店。这家摄影店位于我们市的商业中心区。它距离我们当时居住的地方有点远。所以，我父亲就开车带我们去，大概花了20分钟左右的样子。
My mom thought that we should go get the perfect photo since it's our first time. So, we
searched for the information online and found a photo shop that's rated the top in our city.
The shop was located right in the central business district of our city. It's a little bit
far away from where we were living. So, my father drove us to the shop, which took us around
20 minutes.

照片其实就是一张全家福。在那张照片里头，我父亲穿着正装，我母亲穿着裙子，我穿着学士服、戴着学士帽。听起来很正式对吧？但是，我们那是其实摆了很搞笑的姿势。
You know, it was actually a family portrait. In that picture, my father was wearing
formal clothes. My mother were wearing red dress, and I just was dressing in my cap
and gown. It sounds very formal, right? But, we were actually having funny poses.

我很喜欢这个照片的原因是这是我第一次和家人一起开心的拍艺术照。我知道准备化妆、衣服和姿势的过程是很累人的。但是那次是我人生中一次难忘的经历。
Well, the reason why I am quite into this picture is that it's the first that I was
having fun with my family taking an artistic photo. I knew it's tiring while preparing
the makeups, costumes, and gestures. But, that's really an unforgettable experience in
my life.
***
What are the advantages and disadvantages of taking photos with smart phones?
Do you think photographers are artists?
What are the benefits of learning painting for children?
Can anyone become a famous artist t hard work?




美丽的天空
Describe a beautiful sky you enjoyed seeing
You should say:
where you saw it
who you saw it with
what you saw
and how you felt about it
***
信息点：美丽的天空

四姑娘山的天空

我想讲一讲我几个月前去四川四姑娘山做志愿者时看到的天空。
I would like to talk about the sky that I have watched while I was
volunteering in Mountain. Siguniang of Sichuan several months ago.

我看到的天空在四姑娘山镇，那里非常适合观看星空/星星。我是第一次去那里。我们当时当志愿者的时候是盛夏，这是一个观赏星空的好时间。
I saw the sky at the Mt.Siguniang town where there's a perfect spot for starry
observation. I went there with other volunteers from Baicao Road station of
Chengdu this july. We started our journey in summer, which was perfect timing
to appreciate the starry sky.

其实，我们不仅仅在路边看到了奇花异草在，而且在夜晚看到了数不清亮闪闪的星星，这让我对银河有了更加清晰的认识。这是我第一次亲身看到这么壮丽的景色。四姑娘山镇的整个夜空都非常的漂亮。数不清散落的星星组成了一幅有艺术感的杰作。
We actually not only saw countless shining stars that gave us a clear picture
of what the Milky Way looked like, but also the exotic flowers and rare herbs
in the daytime. You know this was the first time I saw this stunning scene.
The entire night sky in Mt.Siguniang town was so gorgeous. The countless stars
scattered around made an artistic masterpiece.

我感觉那是留给我印象最深刻的天空。它给我最深刻的印象的原因是我成长和学习的地方不能够让我看到这样的自然美景。所以，那里的天空让我大开眼界。我真的很希望能够在那里多带几天来好好享受它给我带来的视觉盛宴。
I felt like that was the most impressive night sky I have watched in my life.
The reason why I thought it gave me such a deep impression was that the places
where I grew up and studied at didn't allow me to see the natural beauties like
this. So, that sky was quite an eye-opener for me. I really hope I could spend
more days there to fully enjoy the feast to the eyes it brought to me.
***
what kind of people are interested in the stars?
should kids know more about stars and planets?
is high technology helpful for star watching?




地区特产
Describe a popular product(e.g. food, handcraft...) made in your region
You should say:
what it is
what it is like
how it is made
and explain why it is popular
***
信息点：

重庆小面 十八道调味料，价格便宜

一个在我所在的地区比较受欢迎的产品是重庆小面，它是一种在重庆做出来的面。
Well, a popular product made in my region is Chongqing Xiaomian, which
is a kind of noodle made in Chongqing city.

不像中国其它地区的面条，重庆小面主要是用来当作早餐吃的。这种面条的材质和北方的面条也不一样。它不是特别有嚼劲，但是还有劲道的。我通常是上学的路上的一个参观把它当作早餐吃。
Unless any noodles in the southern part of China, Chongqing Xiaomian is
mainly severed for breakfast purpose. The texture of the noodle is also
quite different than those in the south. It is not chewy but still has
its toughness. I usually eat it in a breakfast restaurant on my way to
school.

任何人做小面都不会感觉特别难。你只需要把它放入水中大约20秒的时间，然后用漏勺捞出来，然后再加佐料、调味这些，我之前在一档专门介绍重庆小面的电视节目中介绍到，最多有18种调味品。对于我们自己吃的话，根据自己的口味，加味道就可以了，例如我的固定搭配是辣椒油、葱姜蒜以及一点点猪油，对我来说，这是对面条口感最重要的东西。
It's not that hard for anyone to make this kind of noodle. You just put
them into the boiling water for 20 seconds and get them out with a strainer.
Then you can add some relishes or condiments. Before I saw a TV program
that introduced the Chongqing Xiaomian specially, the most flavorings were
over 18 in some restaurants. For myself, I always add some pepper oil to
add extra flavor, and basic condiments, like ginger, garlic and onion,
which is important for the taste.

我认为小面比较受欢迎的一个原因是它非常的可口。面条的味道符合重庆人乃至其他地区的人们。另一个原因我认为它受到好评的原因是面条的价格对普通消费者来说很实惠。通常情况下一碗重庆小面只需不到七块钱人民币，这相比大多数南方面条要便宜些。
Well, I guess the reason why it's so popular is that Xiaomiao is so tasty.
You know, the flavor suits the needs of the people in Chongqing city and
even in other regions. Another reason why I think it's well-received is that
the price of the noodle is affordable for the average customers. Usually, a
bowl of Chongqing Xiaomian only costs less than 7RMB, which is cheaper than
most noodles in the south.
***
what food is popular throughout thr world?
why do people use imported products?
why do people living in different regions like different food?
do places have their own popular products?




精心准备的礼物
Describe a gift that took you a lot of time to prepare
You should say:
what it was
who you gave it to
how you prepared it
and explain why you spent a lot of time preparing it
***
信息点：花了长时间准备的礼物

***



童年喜欢的玩具
Describe a toy you liked in your childhood
You should say:
what kind of toy it is
when you received it
how you played it
and how you felt about it
***

***


想与朋友分享的电影
Describe a film you would like to share the your friends
You should say:
when you watched it
where you watched it
whether you like it or not
and why you want to share it with friends
***
信息点：


***



广告
Describe an advertisement you remember well
You should say:
where you saw it
what it was about
what it was like
why you remember it well
***
信息点：

***


纪念品
Describe something special you look home from a tourist attraction
You should say:
what it was
when you bought it
where you bought it
what it was like
and explain why you think it was special
***
***



实用技能
Describe a practical skill you learned
You should say:
What it was
When you learned it
Why you learned it
And how you felt about it
***
信息点：a practical skill you learned

这里要求的使用技能可以是非常贴近生活并提升生活质量的技能，比如会心算；
手机贴膜、系鞋带打领带等技能。女生们美妆的技能。

一个我最近掌握的技能是驾驶，我才这个技能在我出国读书的时候是非常重要的。
A practical skill that I have mastered recently is driving, which is quite important I
guess when I go abroad to further my studies.

这是一个C1驾驶照，能够让我作为一个有资格的司机在路上开车。我是在我们大学的附属驾校学习的这门技能。那是在去年暑假那会儿。我清楚地记得那是一个非常闷热的七月份。我们得考一系列的考试包括理论知识测试以及两个上路考试。驾驶训练密度强，而且教练还有点不耐烦，对我们比较严格。我不得不认真地听从指导，并没添顶着太阳联系不低于两小时的时间。让我觉得比较困难的是我不得不在旁边排很长的时间才能轮到我练习。有点点浪费时间。不管怎样，经过不懈努力我还是通过了整个考试。
It's a C1 driving license that enables me to drive on the road as a qualified driver.
I learned this skill at the driving school affiliated to my university in Chongqing last
summer. I clearly remember it was a sultry July. We were supposed to sit for a series of
exams, including the knowledge test and two road tests. The training was intensive and
the coach was somewhat impatient and strict to us. I had to follow his instruction attentively
and practiced it at least two hours under the sun every day. What's made me feel difficult
was that I had to stand by and wait for my turn for a long time, which was time-consuming.
Anyway, I managed to pass this whole test with my effort and time.

我认为我学习这项驾驶技能的原因是因为我知道如果我去了澳洲这个我要出国留学的地方。我估计要开车。几乎所有去那边学习或成活过的朋友们都告诉我那个国度驾车是如何重要。车辆就好像是我们的第二双腿，没有的话你去不了远的地方。
The reason why I learned this driving skill is that I would be driving in Australia, which
is the destination for my study abroad. You know, nearly every friend who has studied or
lived there told me how important it is to be able to drive in that nation. It's like a
vehicle is your second feet without which you can't go farther.

我非常高兴我能够掌握这个技能。我知道我去澳洲之后需要过另外一个驾驶考试，但是我认为应该不难，因为我已经至少能合格驾驶了。
I'm really glad that I have mastered this driving skill. I know I will need to pass another
driving test in Australia, but I think it's would be a piece of cake since I am at least
qualified for driving here.
***
What is the most important practical skill in modern society?
What kinds of skills are difficult to learn?
What kinds of professions require practical skills?
What are some special skills that people can learn?



喜欢穿的衣服
Describe a piece of clothing you enjoy wearing
You should say:
where you bought it
how often you wear it
what it is like
and explain why you enjoy wearing it
***

信息点：喜欢穿的衣服

 piece of clothing I'm keen on wearing is actually
a sports T-shirt that I obtained at a volunteer activity.

In this summer, I went to MT.Siguniang on my own for being a
volunteer of a trail-running competition there. When we finished
the event, all volunteers have obtained a series of souvenirs and
the sports T-shirt made by the Ultra Gear with the event logo was
one of that.

Honestly, I didn't imagine that we can receive some memorabilia there.
You know, volunteers' work was really hard. After three days' voluntary
activity, we all felt tired but proud of what we had done. When the
manager sent this T-shirt, it drew my attention
***


想获得的奖
Describe a prize you want to win
You should say:
what this prize is
how you knew about it
what you will do to win it
and explain why you want to win it
***

A prize that I desire to win is the first place of mathematical contest,
which is
***


历史建筑
Describe a historical building you have been to
You should say:
where it is
what it looks like
what it is used for now
what you learned there
and how you felt about this historical building
***
信息点：历史建筑

国内的古建筑比如宝塔、庙宇、革命先驱开过会的遗址建筑物等等；
国外的比如不久前遭受过火灾的巴黎圣母院、德国的科隆大教堂、伦敦的大本钟、大英博物馆等等。

一个


***


游戏节目
Describe a game show or a quiz program you watched on TV or online
You should say:
where you watched it
what it was like
how often you watched it
how you liked it
and explain why you liked/disliked it
***

Well, a quiz program that I watched on TV was a program called the Puzzle
Masters, which was broad-casted on JSTV, the biggest TV channel in Jiangsu
Province.
我在电视上看到的游戏测试节目加《燃烧吧大脑》，它是由江苏省最大的电视频道JSTV播出的。

It was a Chinese scientific reality and talent show originating in Germany.
There were 100 contestants selected from the entire nation to show their
talent on the screen. Each contestant in this show had to pass rounds of
challenges with their counterparts so that they could ultimately have the
chance to compete with those who represented different countries. The
question designed for the contestants were extremely difficult and required
much broader knowledge.

I watched this program nearly once a week last year to see how things went.
You know, some of them had already been regarded as the so-called elites in
other people's eyes. For example, there are many contestants from Tsinghua
and Peking University which were top 2 tertiary schools in China. They got
extremely high scores in Gaokao to be matriculated in their university programs.
I quite interested in their performances in this show.

I was quite into the quiz program because it was educational and helped me
broaden my horizon. I once regarded myself as a "straight-A" student, but I
was actually quite shallow in mind after knowing those great minds from this
show.
***
why do people like to watch TV shows?
what kinds of TV shows do people like to watch?
what is the difference between the games people play now and those people played in the past?
why do some people watch TV shows online?

