擅长工作的人
Describe a person who is good at his or her job
You should say:
Who this person is
What his or her job is
How he or she likes the job
And explain why this person is good at the job
***
信息点：擅长工作的人
切入点1：职场升职得快，半年时间就从普通员工变成了公司中层或高层；
切入点2：取得了令人瞩目的成就，比如彻底地改变了某个地方人们的生活；
切入点3：完成了其他人未能完成的事情。

我要说的是我本科同学的爷爷。他是中国外交部的翻译。他的工作内容包括日文的文件、报纸和生命翻译成中文，以及陪同外交人员与日本代表会面，确保他们可以相互理解。
The person I am going to talk about is my friend's grandpa,
who is a translator working at the Chinese foreign ministry.
His job involves translating Japanese documents, newspapers,
and statements into Chinese as well as accompanying diplomatic
officials to meet Japanese representatives sa that they can
perfectly understand each other.

他已经从事这项工作三十年了。最初，他仅仅是个低级职员，在小隔间里工作，被成吨的文件所淹没。他处理的每一项文件都必须经过高级员工的检查以避免可能的错误。但现在，他已经有资格检查其他人的工作，并决定一些争议词汇和句子的具体翻译，以确保他们准确无误，并传达出本来的意思。
He has been doing this for over thirty years. At first, he was just a low-rank
employee, working at a small cell and buried by tons of papers.
Every document he had processed had to be checked by senior staff
to avoid potential mistakes. But now he is eligible to check others'
work and decide the specific translation of some controversial words
and sentences to make sure they are accurate and convey the original meaning.

做翻译一直都是我爷爷的梦想。他从小就展示出这方面的天赋。它能够轻易的抓住日语背后的语法规则，并在很短的时间内掌握它的发音。自然而然地，他上大学的时候选择日语作为自己的专业，并在毕业之后进入外交部。这是因为外交部是当时唯一招收日语翻译的地方。
Being a translator had always been his grandpa's dream and he had shown a gift
for this from quite an early age. He could easily grasp the grammatical rules
behind Japanese and master its pronunciation in a short time.
Naturally, he chose Japanese as his major when he entered college and enrolled
in the foreign ministry after graduation since it was the only department that
recruited Japanese translators back then.

我认为他爷爷在工作上取得的成功主要得益于它对该行业的热情。他真的很喜欢日语，并且享受翻译的过程。但他在查询了大量的资料，终于找到某个单词正确的翻译的时候，他会感到一种成就感而不是解脱。
I think the success of his grandpa has achieved in his job mainly result from
his passion for this career. He really loves Japanese and enjoys the process of
translating. When he finally finds the correct translation of a certain word
after a lot of consultation, he can feel a sense of achievement rather than relief.
***
How can people improve their job performance?
What skill set should a manager have?
Do you think what you have learned in university is going to help in your future job?
How should young people perform on their first jobs?




经常坐飞机的人
Describe a person who often travels by plane
You should say:
Who he or she is
Where he or she is
Where he or she goes
Why he or she travels by plane
And how he or she feels about it
***
信息点：a person who often travels by plane

自己、朋友以及家人或同学的航空旅行的经历。

一个经常坐飞机的人是我的朋友。
A person who often travels by plane is my friend, Qingqing.

我的朋友现在在一家航空公司做空乘，主要的职责是在民航飞机上确保乘客旅途中的安全和舒适。从这个职位上可以看出，有很多的国际航空旅行。感觉她一年中的所有工作时间都是在飞机上度过的。
My friend Qingqing is now working for an airline airway as a cabin crew
who is mainly responsible for guaranteeing passengers feel safe and comfortable
in the plane. As you can tell from her title. It involves a lot of international
air travel. It's like most of her time in a year has been spent on air trips.

我朋友所在的公司飞很多国际航班。所以，在她工作的时候，有数不清的目的地需要去，例如欧洲、北美以及东南亚。但是，从我的观察发现，美国是她最经常去的地方因为他们公司和美国市场有很多的联系，即便现在中美局势比较紧张。
The airline company that my friend works for has many international flights
all around the globe. So, there're countless destinations for her to travel
to while she's working, for example, Europe, North America, and Southeast Asia.
But, from my observation, the U.S is the place that she flew to the most
because their company has a strong tie to the American market even though there's
a tension now between China and U.S..

她坐飞机旅行的一个原由就是飞机是他们日常工作的场所。但是，飞机作为最为方便的一个交通工具，只需要花费一天不到的时间就可以去全世界任何一个地方，广受人们的欢迎。
Well, the reason why she travels by plane is that the airplane is the place
of her daily work. You know, plane as the most efficient means of transportation,
it only takes less than a day to go to any place around this world. Thus it is
very popular in the public.

在我朋友的眼里，航空旅行不是我朋友特别新鲜的，而是由于她的工作需要不得不这样。我的意思是，她不讨厌航空旅行。
In my friend's eyes, air travel is not uncommon, and not something
she's quite passionate about, but a choice she has to choose because of
the work. By that I mean, she doesn't hate it.
***
what are the advantages of traveling by plane?
Why do some people prefer to travel by train?
What are the disadvantages of living near an airport?
How is working at the airport different from working in other places?




外国名人
Describe a foreign celebrity you want to meet in person
You should say:
Who this person is
How you knew about this person
What this person does
Why you want to meet this person
***
信息点：a foreign celebrity

我想要亲自见到的外国名人是汤姆汉克斯，他是一位非常有名的美国演员。
A foreign celebrity I would like to meet in person is Tom Hanks,
who is a very well-known American actor.

我从小就看着他的电影《阿甘正传》长大的。他在电影里面饰演一位头脑有些迟钝的人。我永远也不会忘记电影里头那段经典的台词“生活就像一盒巧克力，你永远也不知道下一颗你会拿到什么”。就在那个时期，我开始逐渐了解到他。
I grew up watching his movie Forrest Gump, in which he was
acting as a slow-witted man. I would never forget that
classic quote of the movie, "life is like a box of chocolate,
you never know what you're gonna get". It was during that period
of time that I started to know more about him.

他是一位非常努力工作的演员，即使现在他的名声早已远洋各个大陆。我记得我在Youtube上面看过他的一段在意大利弗罗伦萨的采访。那个时候，他非常忙碌，在准备《但丁密码》，是一部惊悚悬疑片。尽管他有很繁重的工作缠身，他还是特别乐意接受采访，而且面对观众表现出了他的人格魅力，让我感到很钦佩。
He is a very hardworking actor even though his fame has spread
to different continents. I remember I've watched a video clip on
Youtube about his interview in Florence, Italy. At that time, he was quite
busy preparing for the movie Inferno, which was a thriller. Despite being quite
engaged with the heavy workload there, he was willing to take the interview and
managed to show hi charming personality in front of the audiences, which was
quite admiring for me.

他现在依然坚持不懈的投身与电影行业，而且为人还很低调。最近也几乎没有看到他在媒体上有曝光。
He's now still putting himself into the movie industry relentlessly
and is being very low-key. You know, I hardly see much of his exposure to
the media recently.

我想要亲自见他一面的原因是因为他从我小时候开始就是我的楷模。如果能够在银幕背后见他一面，通过和他简单聊几句获得一些正能量就真的太棒了。
The reason why I desire to meet him in person is that he has been my role model
for years since my childhood. It will be great if I could meet the actual man
behind the scenes and get more positive energy from maybe chatting a little
bit with him.
***
Why can some celebrities stay famous for a long time while some cannot?
How can people become famous?
What influences can famous people have on the society?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of becoming a celebrity?




助你实现目标的人
Describe a person who encouraged and helped you to achieve a goal
You should say:
Who this person is
What this person encouraged you to do
How this person helped you
And explain why this encouragement helped you to achieve the goal
***
信息点：助我实现目标的人。
首先有一个实际可行的目标并且完成了这个目标。因此，需要自动过滤掉那些漫无边际以及还未完成的“远大理想”等等。
可以说短期目标（short-term goal）也可以说一个长远目标（long-term goal）.

成功地硕士毕业

一位帮助我实现目标的人是Prof.Xia，他是我的硕士研究生导师。
A person who encouraged and helped me to reach a goal is Professor Xia,
who is my postgraduate tutor in the past three years.

Prof. Xia是80后。他现在在重庆大学计算机学院当教授，是中国的一所985、211院校。他非常随和并且非常努力，而且即便他的工作量很大，他也总是让人看起来觉得他每天精力充沛。
Prof.Xia is 80's generation. He is now working in the College of
Computer Science, Chongqing University, which is one of the 985 and
211 universities from China. He is easy-going and hardworking, and always
makes people feel that he is energetic every day though there's much
workload for him.

Prof. Xia从我在大四开始就成为了我的人生导师，成功地指导了我的本科毕业论文。他对学生们都特别好，还特别慷慨。如果学生的论文被出版商接收并发表，他会从他的项目经费里面报销所有发表论文所需的花销，并给与学生一定的奖励，金额视论文的质量而定。由于他是过来人，他能够在学习中和生活上给予我许多建议和细节的指导，这让我很感激。
Prof. Xia has always been my first mentor in my life since the first day I got
into the senior year of Chongqing University, and successfully supervised my
undergraduate thesis and postgraduate thesis. He is pretty nice and generous to
all his students. If a student's paper was accepted by conference or journal
and successfully published, he will support him or her for such expenditure
from his project funding. In addition, he will give a reward for that.
Of course, the amount of money depends on the quality of accepted paper.
As he is an experienced person, he could give me a myriad of tips and detailed
guidance on schooling and life perspectives, which I feel grateful.

我记得有一次，是在我发表第一篇小论文的时候，这是硕士毕业的必备要求，Prof. Xia是我能够依靠的人。我当时的目标就是达到硕士毕业的最低要求然后顺利毕业。当时发表小论文对我来说最难，是最折磨我的事情。不知怎么的，我就是不太能够将算法的实验结果运行出来。由于他经历过这些，他尽力给我关于科技论文写作的指导。经过不断的修改，我的第一篇小论文最终被SCC录用了。
I remember there was a time when I was working for a scientific paper, which is the
minimum requirement for a Master's degree, Prof. Xia was the person I could
fall back on. My goal was to nail it so that I could qualify for Master's thesis defense.
You know, writing a scientific paper was a horrible thing that tormented
me the most. I just somehow couldn't figure out ideal experimental results
of the algorithm. Since he has been through this, he constantly consoled me
and gave me instruction as much as he could. After constantly improving it,
my first conference paper was accepted by SCC 2018 and successfully published by Springer.

我觉得他的指导起作用的原因就是他是我的楷模。虽然他当时所处的情况不一样，但是这种建设性的建议和鼓励让我坚持了下来。
The reason why I felt his suggestions worked was that my supervisor was a
role model for me. You know, although he was not in the same situation,
his constructive advice and encouragement enabled me to carry on.
***
What will encourage children to learn more?
Do parents and teachers punish children physically nowadays?
Who do you think has the great influence on the goal--setting of children? teachers or parents?
Why is it important for teenagers to set goals?




想法有趣的人
Describe a person who has interesting ideas
You should say:
Who this person is
What this person does
How you know him
And explain why you think his/her ideas and opinions are interesting
***
信息点：想法有趣的人

我想要讲述的是我的一位朋友，他的名字叫Yang Ping。Yang和我从大学的时候就是很好的朋友。他之前在成都的华为公司当软件工程师，现在自己创业专做智能家居服务，包括软件和硬件产品。
I would like to talk about a friend of mine whose name is Yang Ping.
Yang and I have been intimate friends since our Chongqing university.
He's now a CEO since he started a business of smart home, including
both software and hardware products. Before that, he was a software engineer
serving for the HUAWEI Company in Chengdu.

我认识他是因为他是我的大学同班同学。他的专业课程基本上都拿到了高分，并且他的动手能力很强，他还是计算机学院的科协主席。我记得有一次跟他组队完成程序实践课程的project作业，看见他很快的就完成了题目的第一个功能，并且对于我的代码报错都能很快地解决。比如，有那么一个他自己做好的智能盒子，它可以连接wifi、远红外线以及蓝牙，并结合开发好的手机微信小程序控制
家用设备，包括电灯、风扇、电视机、空调等用电设备。我今年夏天刚试用过他的产品，非常好使。你要知道，他的产品全部都是DIY的，拥有自主知识产权，花了很多心思。他在很早的时候就有做全自动家居用途的智能设备的想法，现在亲自将自己的想法实现了，我很钦佩他。
I knew him because he was my classmate in Chongqing University. He got class A
in all professional courses and was proficient in practical skills. He was also
the chairman of association for science and technology in College of Computer
Science. I remember there was a time at Programming Practice course, I saw him
developed the first function of project at a short time. And, he could instantly
check where my code was wrong and solve the problem. For instance, there're an applet
of WeChat and an intelligent box they designed for controlling all kinds of household
appliances, such as lights, fan, television, air conditioner and so forth
via WIFI, far infrared ray device as well as blue-tooth signals. It worked perfectly
in my house. You know, all products are DIY from him, he owns the proprietary intellectual property rights.
Honestly, he has had the idea of doing smart-device in IoT for a long time.
What I admire him is that he's not just talking for that, but persists in achieving his ideas and trying to
constantly optimize them.

我认为他的点子很有意思是因为他考虑了各种信号传输，以及内网直连，会大大地节省传输延迟。这些设计在物联网市场可以带来很大的影响。我从他的产品设计理念和创业道路获得了不少启发，在今后的职业生涯道路上也会坚持自己的理念，勇于克服各种困难，做出有价值的成果出来。
Well, I think the reason why his idea are interesting is that he considered
all kinds of transmission signals, as well as the way of reducing the transmission
delay. You know, those designs are key designs in IoT or smart-home area.
From the idea of products and the way of start-ups, I got inspiration from him
and have gone on a researcher path in my career.
***
When do children begin to have their own ideas?
Why are there more and more differences between children and ther parents?
What are the advantages and disadvantages of setting rules for children?
Is there someone with good ideas that have changed many people's lives?




让你笑的小孩
Describe a time a child made you laugh
You should say:
When it was
Where you were
Who the child was
What the child did
And explain why you laughed
***
信息点：a child made you laugh
扩大角度思考-->
节日聚会、大型的公共场所遇到的小孩来观察起，或许你就有好玩有意思的视角了。

我想要讲到的是一个我在重庆沙坪坝三峡广场的一个书店（西西弗书店）购物时遇到的一位搞笑的小女孩儿的事情。
I would like to talk about a time I saw a funny little girl while I was
shopping at SISYPH bookstore in Shapingba District, Chongqing.

我不太记得我去那里的准确时间了，但是我很确信的是过了上个春节之后，大概就是在农历新年的第一或者是第二周。
I can't remember the exact date when I visit there, but I am sure that
it's after the last Mid-Autumn Festival, probably in the first week or
the second week of the 15th of August according to Chinese lunar calendar.

我当时在西西弗书店，是那个区比较知名的书店之一，全国连锁的。这个书店内有非常多的涉及不同领域的书籍，这也是为什么我一般去那里找一些与我学习或者娱乐相关的东西。那天有点意思，因为大厅有特别多的小说和卡通书册在售卖。由于这个原因，书店聚集了特别多的人。我也不是一个例外，然后加入了人群开始阅读这些书籍。
I was at the SISYPHE bookstore, which was one of the well-known bookstores
in that district. You know such national bookstore chain,  had quite an
array of books in different disciplines, which was why I often go there to
find something that I needed for both my schoolwork and leisure. That day
was a little bit interesting because there were more novels and cartoon booklets
on sale at the same main hall. Because of this, the bookstore had gathered lots
of readers there. I was not an exception and got into the crowd and started
reading some of those books.

就在那个时候，我看见了一位小女孩，大约六七岁的样子，和她的爸爸一起在寻找一些书籍。那位小女孩捡起一本书就开始阅读，我当时完全不知道那个是一本带着黄色笑话的小人书。正当我离开的时候，
我听到那个小女孩问他的爸爸：“XXX是什么意思？”。她那最后脱口而出的一个单词非常色情还有点污。我当时兼职就要笑喷了。关键是，周围还有一些读者，他们全部都悄悄地笑了起来，这让当时的场景十分滑稽。
It was during that time, I saw a little girl, around six or seven years old,
with her father looking for some books. The girl picked up a book to read, and
little did I know that it was a small book of dirty jokes. Just as I was about
to leave, I heard that girl asking her dad:"What's the meaning of XXX?" The last
word she blurted out was so erotic and somewhat nasty. I was literally about to
laugh out loud. The thing was that there were several readers near us, and all of
them started quietly chuckling, which made the situation quite hilarious.

我当时为什么会笑的原因就是这个场景让他父亲给他女儿听会非常为难。这位无辜的女儿其实完全不懂这个词，也不理解这个黄色笑话，但是我们身边大家都懂。而且，如果女儿也知道了的话，我觉得那会更尴尬了。
Well, the reason why I laughed was that this situation made her father difficult to
give an explanation to his daughter. You know, this innocent girl actually
knew nothing about the word, nor did she understand that dirty joke, but all of us
nearby actually did. And if the girl knew it as well, I think that would be even more
embarrassing.
***
What can make children laugh?
What do you think is the best age for people to have children?
Do you think people should be trained before they become parents?
Do you think childhood is the most important in one's development?




说外语的人
Describe someone / a person who speaks a foreign language well
You should say:
Who this person is
What kind of language he or she speak
Why he or she learns this language
Explain why you think he or she speak this foreign language well
***
信息点：说外语的人

一位外语说得很好的人是我朋友的爷爷，他懂得很多俄语。
Well, a person who speaks a good foreign language is my friend's grandfather
who knows much about Russian.

他的爷爷曾经是早起中华人民共和国的一名军人。他是在军队里服役的时候学会的俄语。他是一位军方记者，需要翻译来自俄国的新闻。让我感到吃惊的是，他似乎并没有像我们现在这样在一个
专业学校内接受俄语的学习，他是自学成才，这让我觉得非常的不可思议。你知道，那个时候没有我们现在科技教育的辅助，比如Apps或者电脑，其学习困难度可想而知。
His grandfather was a soldier in the early People's Republic of China.
He learned Russian during his service in the army. You know he was a
military reporter and needed to translate the news from Russia. To my
surprise, he didn't seem to have got his Russian language training in a
professional school like what we do nowadays but rather taught himself,
which was quite amazing for me. You know how hard that learning curve
would be without any instructional technology like APPs or even computers
during that time.

通过我朋友的讲述，他的爷爷告述他他学习俄语的最大动力不是收入回报之类的，而是纯粹特别想把俄国的信息传达给中国，越多越好。这样我们的国家才有更多的发展机会。他是一位非常爱国的人。
According to what my friend told me, the biggest motivation for his grandfather
to learn Russian wasn't the income or something like that. It was purely
because he really wanted to bring as much information as possible from Russia
to China so that our country could have more opportunities to develop.
You know he was being quite patriotic.

我认为他说俄语这么棒的一个原因就是他有学习外语的决心。在困难来临的时候，他总是不会失去动力。另外，我认为他一直都对语言学习感兴趣。这种兴趣给了他继续深入探索语言的力量。
Well, one of the reasons why I think he speaks so good Russian is that he has the
determination of learning the language well. You know he is never afraid of
losing motivation when failures come. Also, I think he always had an interest
in knowing something about languages. That interest also gives him the momentum
of delving deeper into this language.
***
Do you think English will be the mainstream language of the world in the future?
When learning a foreign language, which part is easier? Speaking or writing?
What benefits can a foreign language bring to one's career?
Is learning a foreign language important?




喜欢的歌手
Describe your favorite singer or band
You should say:
who your favorite singer is
what his or her personality is
what kind of style his or her music belongs to
And explain why he or she is your favorite singer
***
信息点：歌手或乐队
可以说在过去以及当今比较流行的歌手，摇滚、民谣、乡村、非主流等都可以；
还可以说说国内外的出名的乐队，如披头士Beatles、林肯公园Linkin Park、日本的One Ok Rock等等

我想说的一个我非常喜欢的歌手之一是亚当·兰伯特（Adam Lambert），他是一名美国的流行音乐歌手。
Well, one of my favorite singers that I would like to talk about is Adam Lambert,
who is an American pop song singer.

Adam Lambert, 可能你知道，他是2009年美国偶像的亚军，这是当面美国乃至全世界最出名电视真人才艺秀了。
Adam Lambert, as you probably know, was the runner-up in the 2009 American Idol,
which was the most popular singing TV talent show in the U.S
or even around the world during that year.

我估计是在这个TV秀的最开始那几了解到他的。在那个时候，他和主持人、朋友还有评委说话的时候都非常随和的性格。
他唱歌唱得很好，几乎嗨翻了演播室。即便他赢得了评委还有观众的热烈掌声，他也总是保持谦卑而且很愿意去尝试新的歌唱
风格和舞台表演。
I probably knew him from the very first episode of the TV show.
At that time, he had a very easy-going personality while talking to the host,
friends and the judges. He sang pretty well, and literally rocked the studio.
You know, even though he has won immense praise from both the judges and the audiences,
he was always being humble and willing to try new styles in singing and stage performance.

我认为他有他独特的唱歌方式，感觉格局风格和流行风格的结合体。早期比赛中，他演唱的大多数歌曲都是与歌剧音乐相关，
部分愿意可能是因为他小时候就经常在歌剧院唱歌吧。
Well, I eel that he has his unique way of singing, sort of a combination of the opera genre
with a pop song style. Most of his songs in the earlier series of the competition were about
opera style, partly because he was an active singer in the opera while he was a child.

我认为他是我很喜欢的一位歌手的一个原因就是他有在娱乐圈中别人没有的唱功。他拥有非常漂亮而且音乐特别逛的嗓音，
听起来真的很令人不可思议。另外，我也很喜欢他的性格，永远别太在意别人无理地评头论足，并一直坚持他的激情。
我希望未来能够参加一场他的演唱会。
I think on of the reasons why he is the singer that I'm quite keen on is that he has
the singing talent that almost nobody has in the entertainment circle. You know he has such a
beautiful and wide range of vocal sounds, which is amazing to listen to. Also, I like his
personality, you know he never cares much about other people's unreasonable criticism
and always sticks to his passion. I wish I could attend his concert in the future.
***
Do you think the most popular singer is the best one?
What kind of music is popular in China now and what kind will be in the future?
What kind of music do people like at different ages?
Do people learn to sing nowadays?




乐于助人的人
Describe a person who often helps others
You should say:
who this person is
how often this person helps others
how this person helps others
and how you feel about this person
***
信息点：经常帮助他人的人

我想讲述的一位经常帮助他人的人是Yu Ke，他是我在重庆大学研究生院里头的一位学长。
Well, a person who often gives a hand to others that I would like to say
is actually Yu Ke, who is a fellow student of mine in graduate school of
Chongqing University.

Yu的为人超级不错，他经常在校园乃至生活中帮助任何他见到的人们。这经常让我觉得他就像是一位活菩萨，
为别人做贡献却不求回报。
Yu is a super kind person who often does a favor to anyone he meets on campus
and even in life. This often makes me feel like he is a living Bodhisattva,
making contributions to others while expecting no rewards.

Yu和我都是计算机专业的学生，这个专业对我来说其实不是特别容易。他总是在我学习困难的时候第一个
跳出来帮助我。我依稀记得有那么一次我刚刚结束病假，他熬夜帮我补起我落下的功课，这让我很感动。
Yu and I are both students majoring in Computer Sciences which is actually
not that easy for me to grasp. You know he was always the first guy who helped
me out in my learning curve. I clearly remember there was a time that he even
burnt the midnight oil helping me to make up for the lesson that I missed after I
had finished my sick leave, which made me so touched.

我认为Yu Ke乐于助人的原因是他有他自己的哲学，这种哲学思想指引着他让他变成一位向善、慷慨的人。
他艰辛帮助别人就是帮助自己，这点我也十分赞同。
Well, I think the reason why Yu Ke is always ready to help others is that he has
a pretty good philosophy that guides him to be kind and generous to people.
He believes that to help people is to help himself, which I strongly agree with.

有他那么一位朋友我真心很感激，他绝对是我大学里头见到的最善良的人了。
I feel truly grateful for having a friend like this, and he is definitely the
kindest person I have met in college.
***
Do people nowadays help others more than in the past?
Who should teach children to help others? Parents or teachers?
In what kinds of professions do people help others more?
Why are some people willing to help others?
